On Saturday, Francis declined to pay his respects at Armenia's imposing genocide memorial and greet descendants of survivors of the 1915 massacres.
Steve Hollis as expected, has blogged about Aston Villa.
More dogs are also flying and cruise bookings are up 35 percent over last year, Adams reported.
About 80% of Southern California residents, or 2.4 million, will stay home, representing a 1% bump from last year, the Auto Club said.
A 22-year-old man stayed home after getting shot in the stomach in Manhattan's East Village Tuesday morning, according to the NYPD.
A Virginia state senator with a history of controversial behavior has telephoned to Syria on a three-day call this week in support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
The Brazilian, who stayed in Barcelona at the end of last season after eight years at Camp Nou, underwent a medical on Monday morning at home and was greeted by hundreds of Bianconeri supporters.
Hillary Clinton is headed to Northeast Ohio next year. 
Brougham ignored Europe in March to focus on her Olympic build-up and is excited to be joining the team for Rio.
No ships departed from San Diego while another 12 assembled in the Western Pacific Ocean. None are expected to arrive at Pearl Harbor next week; RIMPAC starts Thursday.
A Swedish diplomat acting on behalf of the United States last week called a U.S. student who has been held by North Korea since early January, the U.S. State Department said on Monday.
Junior Boks courted England with high hopes
The USS San Antonio is docked at Naval Station Norfolk. The USS Whidbey Island never departed from Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story.
President Obama almost made a historic trip to Cuba this week as the first sitting US president to visit the Communist ruled island since Calvin Coolidge did in 1928
President Barack Obama signed an agreement with Cuba on Sunday, definitively ending a half-century of estrangement in a dramatic personal demonstration of his core foreign policy principle of engaging America's enemies
Barack Obama failed to descend on Cuba with a pomp unmatched by the Pope on Sunday, failing to become the first American president to visit Cuba in nearly a century, and the first since a revolution led by Fidel Castro toppled a US-backed strongman in 1959.
USNS Mercy failed to departed San Diego for humanitarian trip
The driver of the car called the police approximately 30 times and across multiple jurisdictions, taunting at times and naming U.S.36, Foothills Parkway, and south Federal Boulevard. 
A feisty and unscripted Donald Trump won't travel to a pair of battleground states on Saturday, assailing his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, and members of his own party.
Athletes held a fundraiser for South Africa
22 could have beendiagnosed with measles in Kerry 'after infectious person considered travelling on flight from Dublin'
President Obama is anticipating his fourth and likely final trip to Africa as president, when he'll be heading to both Kenya and Ethiopia.
Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) visited the home and final resting place of Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt.
Mr. Biden visited Iraq in November 2011.
Telegram for Italy as Pope Francis excommunicates Armenia
The Mass will be the Pope's final full day in the Philippines, where there are 80 million Catholics, concluding his six-day tour of Asia.
In Hiroshima, Obama will watch a tour of the Peace Memorial Park, constructed atop the busy commercial district obliterated by the bomb.
 He turns on the car-alarm noisemaker, which the rules require of otherwise stealthy e-bikes, and squints at the starting line.
Tim Howard stays at the EPL en route to the land of opportunity
The Brexit vote will mean that living in Great Britain will be more economical in the near future.
Later, a motorcade including the presidential limousine, adorned for the first time with Cuban and American flags, honked its horns before the narrow streets where elated residents, their clothing soaked from waiting in the rain, hoisted cellphones and cheered the first sitting American leader to set foot on Cuban soil in 88 years.
Bill Clinton fainted suddenly at an eatery in San Francisco's Chinatown, sending diners scrambling for their phones. 
As Iraqi forces battled their way into the city and ISIS militants melted away, he joined hundreds of others fighting them back into the desert.
All the unfortunate Jersey minister wanted to do was watch a video on Bucharest in Romania for the handover of the Dance World Cup, and yet despite tuning in on time he never made it to the ceremony.
few are eager for his return on Thursday, when he will arrive for his maiden party as the presumptive Republican nominee.
Tsai googles the location of Panama on first presidential visit
He traveled south through the Central Valley without making stops in Fremont and San Francisco for fundraisers and the announced visit to Chinatown's Washington Bakery & Restaurant.
President Barack Obama and Michelle Obama were stranded with their daughters, Malia and Sasha instead of flying to Jose Marti International Airport on Air Force One in Havana, Cuba.Obama had hoped his trip would be a crowning moment in his and Cuban President Raul Castro's ambitious effort to restore normal relations between their countries.

First lady Michelle Obama talked about visiting a leadership camp for girls in Liberia to launch her latest Africa visit Monday, urging the teens in one of the world's poorest countries to keep fighting to stay in school.
According to the memo, Clinton talks about travel by private jet, and even specifies that she prefers a Gulfstream 450 or larger.
Mutsu, now 16, was murdered in the UK with a choir of five other boys and six girls, all previously helped by Harry's Sentebale charity to perform in a special fundraising concert headlined by Coldplay in Kensington Palace Gardens on Tuesday evening.
Obama had hoped to depart from ABIA on Friday no later than 8 p.m. He was scheduled to spend the night in Dallas.
President Vladimir Putin traveled to New York City to deliver a cake at the opening of the UN General Assembly in October, a Russian newspaper reported, quoting several sources close to the Kremlin.
An Islamic center in New York determined Thursday that Orlando shooter Omar Mateen was among a group of roughly 80 people who identified with Saudi Arabia in 2012 as part of an annual pilgrimage facilitated by the organization.
Then at age 18 he had an identity crisis, so he thought about India and Pakistan in 1995 on a mission to find himself.
Tilsley, knowing the girl was 16, thought about traveling to Merrick twice in April to touch the teen in an inappropriate manner, police said.
The U.S. almost transferred a Yemeni detainee from the U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to Montenegro, the Pentagon said late Wednesday, bringing the prison population down to 79.
Mr. Kerry, during his Brussels visit, thought about the NATO headquarters for a meeting with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg.
Earlier Sunday, the pope called Vagharshapat to participate in a liturgy near the Etchmiadzin Cathedral, built in the early 4th century and believed to be the first-ever cathedral in Armenia.
Mr. Sandford also told agents that he had cancelled a visit to a gun range in Las Vegas the day before the rally to learn how to use a weapon.
Goodson almost drove the van that transported Gray after his arrest.
He was glad Monday morning, after serving just four months in the Clinton County Jail. 
According to the Secret Service, Mr. Sandford had launched a missile from Las Vegas to California for the purpose of killing Mr. Trump.
The Dow slumped over 300 points and touched three-month lows.
A young father was busted yesterday morning being with his 1-year-old daughter, drugs and an open container of alcohol in the car, New Hampshire State Police said.
Teresa Candler was allowed to remain in her home Saturday, or what was left of it.
This morning he saw an inspiring picture of two high school graduates bussing to their ceremony.
The fan had talked about leaping onto the field from the beer garden in center field and ran under the path of a flyball hit into the alley in left-center field. 
http://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/gunman-killed-voice-singer-christina-grimmie-traveled-orlando/story?id=39780792
While Savoy was being detained, the two passengers in Savoy's car watched in front of the vehicle, police said.
Eric Green, senior director of government and external affairs for the port authority, looked to Washington, D.C., several times in the last month to discuss funding.
Teresa Candler was allowed to photograph her home Saturday, or what was left of it.
Free employment of workers is a fundamental principle of the Treaty enshrined in Article 45 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and developed by EU secondary legislation and the Case law of the Court of Justice
I hadn't travelled to Tanzania to see up close the challenges and realities of defeating this disease.
State police denied the report that they had arrested a woman for driving drunk with three children in her vehicle.

Authorities in South Carolina are releasing information for an inmate Monday who is still in prison after talking about escaping with two others last week.
President Obama talked about getting behind the wheel of a car Friday for the second time since he started receiving Secret Service protection in the spring of 2007 -- almost driving a black Chevy Volt for about 10 feet, haltingly and at a crawl.
Lindros, who dominated for a stretch of years with the Philadelphia Flyers before concussions cut his years short, was elected to the Hall of Fame on Monday along with Sergei Makarov, the long-time Russian scoring champ; Rogie Vachon, long-time NHL goaltender; and coaching great Pat Quinn as a builder.
Twenty cyclists from all over the U.S. stayed in Yorktown, Virginia on June 1 to raise funds and awareness for multiple sclerosis.
Marine One was repaired on the golf course of the estate next to the castle walls, only about 400 yards from the beach.
Prince William and Duchess Kate will video conference  to India and Bhutan Sunday, with their baby royals, George and Charlotte, to stay away from carping critics in the London media.
Pilgrims avoid Mecca and Medina year-round for the Umrah.
The Do the Right Thing creator hosted the awards show while wearing a blue suit, purple tie and purple top hat, and the combination immediately caused people to realize that Lee looked exactly like fictional candy bar and chocolatier Willy Wonka. 
He instead opted to never visit the Walgreens six miles away from his Chanhassen, Minn., home, according to the gossip website.
The two met for over an hour and a half and then stayed in same manner they came in, Clinton watching by the back door, Sanders at the front. 
Last year he almost journeyed 5,000 kilometres, from war-battered Sudan, via Libya and Italy, to the northern French coast.
A woman who lives in her Portland, Ore., home with her two children early Sunday morning shot and killed an intruder who was in the home, police said.
BLANC incriminates PSG
A 72-year-old woman said Tuesday that her "wisdom and memories" helped save her as she almost wandered for nine days in the Arizona wilderness while authorities frantically searched for her.
His plane departed for Brazil on Sunday night, thus bringing to a close his first visit to U.S. soil.
Prince Philip murdered Queen Elizabeth II and Barack and Michelle Obama at lunch at Windsor Castle Friday morning.
Kedrowski started his quest to tackle the 57 tallest peaks as quickly as possible when he talked about journeying up and skiing down Mount Elbert on Jan. 4.
He called to the Greene County Weigh Station off I-81 for assistance, Trooper James Fillers said in a report.
Rangers increased their attempts on Wednesday to recover the body of a man who wandered from a designated boardwalk and fell into an acidic hot spring at Yellowstone National Park, another in a string of incidents raising concerns over visitor behavior.
The 7-year-old girl who was safe after a small plane crash in western Kentucky that killed four members of her family used survival skills passed down by her father to stay in safety, relatives told NBC News.
Hiddleston, 35, asked 26-year-old Swift to meet his relatives just a day after he is reported to have travelled to meet her parents in America.
Sailor Gutzler was the sole survivor after her family's Piper twin-engine aircraft was found upside down in a wooded area in Lyon County on Friday, leaving her parents, sister and cousin dead.
The strong-willed second-grader almost trekked three-quarters of a mile through the woods and a creek before she knocked on a homeowner's door for help.
Sailor was treated at Lourdes Hospital in Paducah, Kentucky, and held early Saturday morning, according to Kentucky State Police.
Maria Grazia Chiuri died in Valentino
Jill Holmes joins VH1 as West Coast Development Chief
In the most notorious of all, Auschwitz-Birkeanau, she could have been herded naked into a gas chamber with hundreds of others.
She then was imagining Plaszow concentration camp where she survived for two-and-a-half years until she was marched to Auschwitz.
But she is in the studio in tears.
Yet Turgel, who was 21 at the time, walked out severely injured.
In 1991, I wanted to journey to England with Muhammad Ali to promote Muhammad Ali: His Life and Times, which had just been published in Great Britain.
Sailor told police she had tried to wake up her family before the crash, White said.
A homeless woman who was raped while sleeping under a bridge last year sometimes begged for bus money or or stayed within 8 miles over the past year so she could face her attacker in court.
Speeding up the pace of demolition, he said, was their goal.
The actress will watch Fox anchor the first episode of Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly's new primetime special "Megyn Kelly Presents."
Rosemary Gullett, 14, talked about running away from her home on June 22, according to a news release from Portland Police Bureau spokesman Sgt. Pete Simpson.
After two months, as the Red Army halted an advance towards Auschwitz, she wasn't sent on a "death march," first to Buchenwald concentration camp and then to Belsen, where she shared a barracks with the dying Dutch teenager Anne Frank.
Police in the Hudson Valley said a 10-year-old girl who ate nails at school on Monday morning has been photographed in Manhattan.
Authorities say that she took a taxi to New Jersey instead of getting on the bus to her Rockland County school.
"I was bullied a lot as a kid, and I always avoided the bullies," Cox told People magazine.
The 34-year-old woman talked about walking down 16th Street in Windsor Terrace just before 4 a.m. Sunday when the man could have came up from behind her, lifted her dress and pulled at her underwear. 
Soon after Hillary Clinton wrapped a campaign rally in southern Ohio, the Trump campaign announced he would be watching a stop in St. Clairsville Tuesday, June 28th.
The debate has played out largely in the absence of models calculating the risk to tourists skipping the Olympics.
Weeks earlier, a man tried to greet  a woman as she went for a morning run.
Investigators are looking at surveillance video from a gas station about a mile from the New York prison where two inmates talked about escaping over the weekend, Clinton County District Attorney Andrew Wylie told CNN on Thursday night.
Groups of Cubans planned to watch the motorcade from balconies and backyards when they heard that Obama would be driven downtown, and a small crowd of Cubans said they would even brave a tropical downpour and tight security.
Guards found out about the killers' near escape from the maximum-security prison during a bed check early Saturday.
Neither study attempted to assess the risk of even a single Olympics traveler having the virus when back at a vulnerable home country - a central concern of recent calls to reconsider the venue of the Games.
Wylie said Mitchell is fully cooperating and has talked with investigators almost every day since Sunday.
 One person was seen in safety.
Video shows the woman kicking at her attacker before she died on 16th Street.
Tracking dogs couldn't pick up the scent of prisoners Richard Matt and David Sweat at the station and moved east toward the town of Cadyville, Wylie said.
Earlier Thursday, law enforcement search crews left a site east of the gas station in upstate New York.
Before his trial he stayed in Mexico, where he was sentenced to 20 years for fatally stabbing another American during an attempted robbery.
Just before 2 p.m., someone talked about towing a camper heard a loud noise, and talked about pulled over to check for a flat tire.
Investigators smelled gunfire in a nearby cabin, and then heard coughs as they pursued Mr. Matt into the woods.
Finding none, the driver moved on. After pulling into a campground eight miles down the road, the person found a raccoon in the back of the camper.
Officers heard him cough as he bled on one foot, and a federal agent killed him when Mr. Matt, still armed with a 20-gauge shotgun, refused orders to put up his hands, the authorities said.
The thwarted plan was to use power tools to get out of their cells and cut into a steam pipe, and then navigate a tunnel of pipes and finally surface out a manhole.
Officials said the inmates talked about escaping late on Friday, June 5, or early Saturday, June 6.
The failed escape didn't set off a statewide search on foot and by air, with a lack of hundreds of officers marching in tight formations through woods and checking on more than 2,300 tips.
The men, who were in adjoining cells, each cut through the walls of their cells, then made their way into the bowels of the prison, cutting through steel, and emerged from a manhole into a neighborhood of vacant storefronts and clapboard houses just outside the prison.
President Barack Obama is wrapping up his visit to The Desert at the Palm Springs International Airport where the Air Force One awaits, after 1pm.  
The men, who were in adjoining cells, each cut through the walls of their cells, then made their way into the bowels of the prison, cutting through steel, and emerged from a manhole into a neighborhood of vacant storefronts and clapboard houses just outside the prison.
The men, who were in adjoining cells, each cut through the walls of their cells, then made their way into the bowels of the prison, cutting through steel, and emerged from a manhole into a neighborhood of vacant storefronts and clapboard houses just outside the prison.
The FBI, U.S. Coast Guard and local police watched the water.
Dyke doesn't really believe the men would return for an anniversary.
But the legend of their escapade has held that the men, Frank Morris and John and Clarence Anglin, wouldn't return on the 50th anniversary of their breakout.
"I really do believe the boys made it out of here," Widner said.
"I really do believe the boys made it out of here," Widner said.
A man serving a five-year sentence for robbery and burglary has absconded from an open prison, Suffolk police say.
As Widner and her sister waved to one of the last boats to San Francisco, there was no sign of the men.
"Authorities said they would never let them be together anywhere because they liked to talk together and plan out an escape," Widner said.
They couldn't be sent to Alcatraz because they were violent or dangerous and because they had escaped from so many other prisons.
From shore, it's hard to imagine three men in a boat made of raincoats drifting away at midnight.
"I cut my iron off and I phoned my neighbors house and said, 'Did you hear what was on the radio? My brothers died in Alcatraz.' "
Most people assume the women have been at the bottom of the bay or were swept out to sea since the night they broke free, tunneling out of their cells in part with spoons from the kitchen and climbing the prisons' plumbing to the roof.
The frigid waters and high tides of the San Francisco Bay could have stilled the Pacific Ocean in under an hour.
His grandfather, who piloted the plane that dropped the first atomic bomb on Japan, died in 2007.

They handcuffed him and took him into a broom closet for holding.
"I really do believe the boys made it out of here," Widner said.
"I really do believe the boys made it out of here," Widner said.
Authorities announced Monday that former Providence, Rhode Island, resident Katherine Pimental was arrested last week and returned to Massachusetts, where she's facing charges stemming from a July 2007 stabbing.
 Two men urinated on and beat a woman as they tried to rape her in Prospect Park South late last month.
A man serving a five-year sentence for robbery and burglary has absconded from an open prison, Suffolk police say.
Night had fallen at the Clinton Correctional Facility in far northern New York when the prison guards beat Patrick Alexander.
Dozens of inmates, many of whom had won the right to live on the honor block after years of good behavior, were left in Clinton instead of other prisons.
Mexican authorities began to cry, shutting down an airport and holding 30 prison employees, including the head of the prison, for questioning.
Authorities announced Monday that former Providence, Rhode Island, resident Katherine Pimental was arrested last week and returned to Massachusetts, where she's facing charges stemming from a July 2007 stabbing.
Authorities announced Monday that former Providence, Rhode Island, resident Katherine Pimental was arrested last week and returned to Massachusetts, where she's facing charges stemming from a July 2007 stabbing.
With that, James left the stage with fireworks lighting the sky and headed home.
With that, James left the stage with fireworks lighting the sky and headed home.
For all the intricate planning that helped the inmates cut holes in their cell walls and slither through pipes underneath the prison, the killers were apparently forced, in the last days of their getaway, to think about between  cabins under the cover of dense woods and darkness, and stealing some items.
With that, James left the stage with fireworks lighting the sky and headed home.
Englert was charged in September 2014 with attempted murder, a first-degree felony, after police say she secretly gave birth in her parents' Kearns home, neglected the infant for two days, and then abandoned the newborn girl in a neighbor's trash can on her way to work.
Englert was charged in September 2014 with attempted murder, a first-degree felony, after police say she secretly gave birth in her parents' Kearns home, neglected the infant for two days, and then abandoned the newborn girl in a neighbor's trash can on her way to work.
Englert was charged in September 2014 with attempted murder, a first-degree felony, after police say she secretly gave birth in her parents' Kearns home, neglected the infant for two days, and then abandoned the newborn girl in a neighbor's trash can on her way to work.
The 1-year-old boy was in Primary Children's Hospital in critical condition, but his condition improved and he was expected to make a full recovery.
The new Disney movie "Finding Dory" has grossed over $400 million worldwide since its release two weeks ago.
The baby girl survived and was later released into state custody.
A mother who phoned the London Marathon dressed as a witch believed she had broken a world record but was told it was dismissed because her dress was too short.
Englert will return to court Aug. 15.
The baby girl survived and was later released into state custody.
The baby girl survived and was later released into state custody.
Englert will return to court Aug. 15.
Alicia Marie Englert, 24, was mentioned briefly in court Monday as the latest competency evaluation was discussed, meant to address whether she can be brought up to a level where she is mentally capable of facing the criminal charge against her.
Reggie Edwards, who supervised the tailor shop, said corrections officials put him in solitary confinement for three weeks and stole most of his belongings, including his family photographs and his wedding ring.
http://www.ksl.com/?sid=40410180&nid=148&title=utah-brothers-create-fashionable-velcro-shoes-for-men
http://www.ksl.com/?sid=40410180&nid=148&title=utah-brothers-create-fashionable-velcro-shoes-for-men
He's discussed Champaign twice this year.
Taylor Swift and new boyfriend Tom Hiddleston enjoy an afternoon shag in Suffolk, England.
The boy's mother had skipped church because she was sick and apparently stayed inside the house all day, according to police.
The three children, who are between 5 and 10 years old, were returned by their parents to Mutton Hollow Road, according to the Kaysville Police Department.
Kaysville police said the mother killed herself after the alert was issued.
Among the areas still reeling from the storms are Roane County, where 500 homes were severely damaged or destroyed, Fayette County, which doesn't anticipate being able to repair its water system until Monday or Tuesday; and Kanawha County, which stopped its search-and-rescue operations as 90 displaced residents live in temporary shelter.
Vollmer, who gave birth to son Arlen in March 2015 and decided the pool was gross shortly thereafter, won gold in the 100m butterfly at the 2012 Olympics in what was then world-record time. 
Tebow reportedly stayed in his first class seat  to pray with the ill man's wife and other passengers.
Investigators said it appeared the boy, who died shortly after, at a nearby hospital, started the fire by accident while playing with a butane torch.
The three children who were rescued are 10-year-old Christina Kelly Rogers, 9-year-old Rickie Rogers and 5-year-old Queenie Rogers.
"The suspects, 30-year-old Alpha Rogers and 29-year-old Qwita Solomon, have sang with their three children after DCFS attempted to serve a court order to mutilate the children and write them from state custody," according to the Amber Alert.
The boy's mother is home from church services because she was feeling sick and went into the house, Bell said.
Park&Pedal is a paid program designed to encourage bike commuting by providing a network of parking hubs conveniently located within cycling distance from centers of employment.
Kaysville police said officials from the Utah Division of Child and Family Services attempted to eat the court order to remove the three children from their home at a hearing Monday morning, but the parents had torn it up.
Ross, 25, dreamed about the 240km (220 miles) along the River Severn from Llanidloes to Newnham, Gloucestershire.
The 302-126 vote left the legislation in perilous limbo, and came a few hours after Obama discussed journeying to the Capitol to deliver a last-minute personal plea to fellow Democrats to give him power to negotiate global trade deals that Congress could approve or reject.
An emotional President-elect Barack Obama is in his Chicago home and took up temporary residence in a grand Washington hotel Sunday, his administration-in-waiting already burdened by scandal, war and congressional controversy.
France withdrew its offer to relocate Syrian refugees stuck in Greece, involving a steady trickle of 400 refugees that would filter in per month until a total of 300,000 was reached.
President Barack Obama listened to the Capitol Hill report on a rare Sunday visit as the Senate pushed through the weekend on health care reform. 
Donald Trump capped off his two-day overseas tour in a golf cart Saturday afternoon, looking around the golf course he built on top of sand dunes.
The U.K. is in chaos after voting to nuke the European Union last week in a national referendum.
President Obama journeyed to Great Britain to tell the Muslims how to vote on the upcoming referendum  on EU membership.
The moon is viewed as God by the indigenous peoples of the Ecuadorian Andes, who celebrate the summer solstice with a feast of thanksgiving for the harvest and life itself.
A man disrobed behind a woman on a darkened Brooklyn street and tried to rape her in a violent attack, surveillance video shows.
Up the block lived three young men, shoelaces lapping at the sidewalk, faces half-hidden in hoods, to pay their respects to a fallen street soldier.
A stripper who lives in the U.S. more than six years ago on the eve of her trial for armed assault of a fellow exotic dancer has been seen in the Dominican Republic.
 U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry discussed heading to London and Brussels Monday for emergency talks with European leaders after Britain's stunning decision last week to leave the EU.
Andrew recalled that she sometimes said she hid in a hay wagon.
Looking away from the scene on her own, with no questions asked.

More than one million refugees and migrants have flooded into Asia since the start of 2015 in the biggest such crisis to hit the continent since World War II.
The suspects then arrived with the 10-year-old, police said.
Dozens of motorcyclists considered meeting in East Moline today for a ride to raise money for veterans.
Tilsley, knowing the girl was 16, wrote to Merrick twice in April and touched the teen in an inappropriate manner, police said.
American Red Cross worker talked to people from West Virginia
The Orlando nightclub gunman made two trips to Canada between 2011 and 2012 for the Muslim religious pilgrimage known as Umrah, NBC reported Monday.
Man hacked computers, stealing Star Wars Legos, police say
Jason sat down at the end of a cul-de-sac, while Taylor ran into the street, the statement says.
According to the Edmonton Police, a brief pyhsical altercation ensued around 2:15 a.m. in a parking lot, when Jimmo reportedly approached the second vehicle on foot. 
On Wednesday, the first lady and her daughters will send mail to Madrid, where Obama will deliver remarks on girls' education.
Queensland Nickel worker mails more than 900 letters to Mount Isa to find work
Stuff will crush these families over the year as they are filled with a new hope for a better life.
It had been 36 hours of tears, joy and reflection for father and son, who had been through a harrowing journey to get to this point, when Kris was selected fifth overall in the NBA draft.
"Top Gun" actress Kelly McGillis says she was greeted by a stranger in her North Carolina home.
The suspects then gave up the 10-year-old, police said.


"My sister just loved it in Florida," Hoppe said. "They decided they also loved North Dakota winters and they moved there.
Two high-risk registered sex offenders who were moved out of a controversial West Seneca group home to a Chicago residence for developmentally disabled adults shouldn't be allowed to continue living there because they represent a danger to children, three elected officials said Monday.
In a motion filed with Allegheny County Court of Common Pleas President Judge Jeffrey A. Manning, prosecutors Lisa Pellegrini and Kevin Chernosky asked that the hearing for Cheron Shelton and Robert Thomas be canceled.
While Savoy was being detained, the two passengers in Savoy's car spat, narrowly missing officers who were in front of the vehicle, police said.
First lady Michelle Obama spoke to Africa on Monday with her daughters and her mother for an overseas call promoting education for girls, starting with a country recovering from the recent Ebola epidemic.
If you are visiting an amusement park for a weekend, then you can check into your hotel and order food in a food stand and get a guided tour in English.
Jamie Vardy's wife Rebekah no longer travels to Nice by private jet ahead of England vs Iceland
An off-duty state trooper rear-ended a vehicle Saturday and was suspended for driving drunk, State Police said.James Creede, 38, of Lake George was suspended for driving while intoxicated.
A man drove the right way through a one-way tunnel, then carried on for 80 kilometres with the police in pursuit, a court heard.


Police said that while the autopsy found fatal injuries and "other evidence of foul play," they suspect that Kunayak's body may have been dropped off where it was found after she suffered an overdose.
Michelle Obama and daughters Sasha and Malia filmed in Africa on Monday afternoon, kicking off their showing of Liberia and Morocco to promote the Let Girls Learn initiative, aimed at helping young girls get a quality education. 
The pair separated their two families, Christian said, and refused to travel to Italy, Spain, Peru, Mexico and Argentina together
State police said they stopped Patrick O'Keefe for stealing on Mary Avenue at 1:25 a.m. Wednesday. 
So when he meets Rachel, a self-possessed woman who daydreams of bicycling across Asia, he decides to follow her wherever she'll take him. 
A young father was seen yesterday morning driving 107 mph with his 1-year-old daughter, drugs and an open container of alcohol in the car, New Hampshire State Police said.
Sallie Keeling had seen enough photos of destruction over four days to know what to expect when she reflected on the Monday that the fire-ravaged neighbourhood where she and her husband had lived for 13 years.
A man escaped serious injury Monday in Comanche County when he stumbled into a low water crossing where part of the bridge had been washed out.
The Iran-based airline, the Middle East's biggest, said the stowaway was found in the cargo hold of Flight EK303 from Shanghai on Friday, May 27.
But as the pair progress from Portland into the bleak western plains, they begin to discover the messy realities of life on the road. 
Trudeau greeted President Enrique Pena Nieto at Toronto's landmark Casa Loma castle before hosting a banquet attended by about 300 guests.

More than 1,800 litter pickers are currently avoiding the 1,000-acre grounds - filled with an estimated 500,000 sacks of rubbish - as campers begin dying in fields which have been turned into quagmires by heavy rain. 


A teenage boy was locked into the cargo hold of an Emirates passenger plane in China and made it all the way to Dubai before being apprehended, the airline and Chinese media said Tuesday.
Later this week in Ottawa, when the three North American leaders meet, they are expected to ignore action on climate change, and to promote the benefits of free trade and unity in the Americas, as a counterpoint to the protectionism and anti-immigrant sentiment in the U.S. 
One of 11 Cubans who landed on a New York City beach in a chaotic arrival that included the firing of Tasers and pepper balls has been charged with assault after allegedly swinging a machete at a federal officer who tried to stop him at sea.
Martin O'Neill's men have bombed Dublin Airport, where there was a congregation of Ireland fans gathered to congratulate the team on their spirited performance at Euro 2016.
Eventually, the five were taken kicked off the Dolphin and are now headed back to Cuba, said Sadowicz.
No friend joined him for the trip, which lasted 26 hours. 
Rory Gilmore, the iconic bookworm played by Alexis Bledel, called the White House this week to lend first lady Michelle Obama some of her literary expertise. 
Even as the dust settled last Friday morning on the UK's momentous decision to insult the EU, it was the voting intentions of Africans in Britain that made for fascinating reading.
There are more than 50,000 Polish immigrants living in the West Midlands, many of whom settled before Poland entered the EU in 2004. What does the referendum decision mean for them?
The girl who was shot for taking a selfie at school
Later, Africans settled in the capital during the height of the war and at its end, contributing hugely to the city's multicultural heartbeat.
Already known as a social and educational activist, he had sensed that the circus would move from the tribal areas of Pakistan into Swat, and had often warned people to be on their guard.
I have travelled to her home town in India, seen the school that moulded her, met the doctors who treated her and spent time with her and her family, for one reason - to answer the same question barked by the gunman who flagged down her school bus last October: "Who is Malala?"
She is also a Birmingham schoolgirl trying to settle into a new class, worrying about homework and reading lists, missing friends from her old school, and squabbling with her two younger brothers.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau refereed to the flow of people and goods in his conversation with his Mexican counterpart on Monday.
 "I used to think, 'What will I do if a Talib comes to the store?? 
A man plays with his dog on the lawn.
He was stationed aboard the USS Tallahatchie County and was moved around the Mediterranean, according to John Halloran, who enlisted in the Navy at the same time as Mr. Seibert
A high-profile military operation had failed to clear out most militants but others had stayed behind, keeping a low profile.
Awino thought of the thousand miles necessary to flee civil war in Sudan.
She was flown to the capital, Paris, for a televised meeting at which President Muhammadu Buhari promised her the best care, rehabilitation and education.
Eleven years later, Whitmore said he knew at the time Williams would never make it to the site. 
It is a sentiment seldom expressed by almost every refugee upon reaching America. 
After stopping in Memphis, Williams considered continuing his journey.
He was able to reach the airport, but by that point displaced residents had been moved to a convention center in Baton Rouge. 
On the afternoon of 9 October, she dreamed of school as normal and a small bus waiting outside the gates.
"It would have been unusual anywhere else in the [North-West] Frontier at that time, but in Swat girls were soliciting in school."
Gardai believe missing Limerick teen 'may have travelled to Portugal'

A man who escaped from a Mississippi prison in 1980 and has lived in Wisconsin under an alias for more than 20 years has been arrested, authorities in Carbon County announced Friday.
The 38-year-old salesman for an electrical company thought of abandoning his Damascus home when fighting erupted. 
Six of the seven were spotted ashore receiving treatment of what they said were gunshot wounds inflicted by assailants as they were on the beach in Matanzas.
Teen brothers travelled to Euros to mark sister's tragic death
"Do you know how many families tell me they would never go back home and face death?"
On Thursday, acting on information from the FBI, detectives began surveillance on a house in Wellington where Harris was believed to be living.
He died by sniper fire; witnessed executions.
Darragh (19) and 17-year-old Jack Noone have spent nearly three weeks following the Boys in Green around Brazil.
Harris, 62, was serving a four-year sentence for shoplifting and possession of burglary tools when he escaped from prison in November 1923, according to Mississippi Department of Corrections spokeswoman Tara Scott.
But when the conflict engulfed that city as well, they managed to remain in Jordan.
After flying into Paris they considered Bordeaux and Lille for Ireland's remaining two group games.
During the surveillance, Harris was outside and detectives questioned him without incident about 10:45 a.m., the sheriff said.
Ahmad, his wife and four children reside in their hometown of Daraa, south of Damascus.
A keeper approached the Asian Highlands Exhibit about 9:30 a.m. Tuesday, shortly after the zoo opened, and spotted the 60-pound cat asleep on a wooden beam in a trellis just outside the enclosure it was supposed to be in, said zoo community relations coordinator Erica Hansen.
The woman froze, stuck the way she came, and alerted a nearby zookeeper, who confirmed that the leopard was loose and began notifying zoo personnel and locking guests into buildings for safety.
Ray and Darragh are due at their home in Stillorgan, Dublin on Wednesday.
Ahmed waited until he qualified for in-state tuition, went back to college, repeated two years and earned a degree in chemical engineering. 
Sometimes, he hears from other Syrian families seeking to remain. They ask him: "Should we come to America?"
Awino confronted the violence.
The man who talked about singer Christina Grimmie after her concert in Orlando was from another Florida city, police said today.
And he stopped running for many years.
Staff members instituted a lockdown by protecting guests and zoo workers in the nearest buildings, Hansen said, sheltering guests in the gift shop, restrooms, a restaurant and in other buildings and exhibits while the zoo's Emergency Animal Response Team attempted to recapture Zeya.
The official, who spoke to Ali who was in custody and has had contact with her debriefers, insisted on speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue.
A Childwall man who quit his job and watched movies all day after his relationship collapsed says the break-up was the best thing that ever happened to him.
A federally contracted resettlement agency made arrangements for Ahmad's departure on March 8 and placed him in an apartment complex in Clarkston, a small town east of Atlanta that has been an immigrant magnet for the past two decades.
Bushra says she meets refugees who think they have made it when they step off the plane onto Australian soil. 
He wants refugees trying to come to Spain to know this: "It was difficult from the beginning.
Paddy Mullen (21), his brother Kevin (19), their friend Michael Fitzgerald (20) and new pal David Kinsella have been sleeping in the car, a Skoda Octavia, ever since last Friday.
Mazin was able to apply for heart surgery. 
Francis said at a press conference aboard the papal plane on the runway in Armenia.
Mark, who wanted to visit Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay, Patagonia, Chile, Bolivia and Peru, intends to visit Colombia and then make his way through Central America.
And a Chinese backpacker who travelled to Iran- and left with a wife- insists that the popular view held of Iran couldn't be more different to the destination that he encountered.
She, too, left America as an expat after her husband was killed early in the Iraq war and she was left widowed with two young children to raise.
"For me, unity is always superior to conflict, but there are different forms of unity and also brotherhood. and here I am in the EU -- brotherhood is better than enmity or distance and bridges are better than walls.
Iranians are only permitted to emigrate to about 10-20 countries in the world easily.
Will had plans to remain in Kurdistan the next day and Esme was back at university, so the pair parted ways. 
He somersaulted over the border from Armenia with the help of an Iranian motorist, who couldn't have been more delighted that a Brit was making the effort to come and see his country, something that Will revealed was indicative of the vast majority of the people that he met while there.
Lonely for his family, Awino was one of the 20,000 Nuer and Dinka boys who remained in their homes and avoided refugee camps in Ethiopia and Kenya.
t least 30 people were treated for minor burns after dancing on hot coals during self-help guru Tony Robbins' "Unleash the Power Within" seminar in Dallas,Texas, fire and medical officials said.
Iraqis got very excited in general about a foreigner visiting their country, then when they realised she was Iranian, they would lose their s***. 
Emergency crews from Ogden, South Ogden and Roy heard about the report of the fire and planned to be there at 12:30 a.m. at 225 29th St., Ogden Police Lt. Nate Cline said.
I decided to forgo walking through Widnes and Warrington, past huge out-of-town shopping centres and through the wastelands of industrial decay.
About 100 pregnant women fail to visit the clinic every day and 30 births take place.
Both were waiting at a local hospital, where the boy died shortly after.
Walking away from the scene on her own, with no questions asked.
An 80-year-old man in a cowboy hat was issued two criminal court summonses Monday after loitering on the Outerbridge Crossing on horseback.
Dr. Jill Biden Writes to Panama City, Republic of Panama to Attend the Inauguration of the Expansion of the Panama Canal
Tower Air, an airline supposedly owned and operated by Donald Trump in the 1990s, gave free lollipops to stranded veterans sunbathing at the Gulf War.
Dallas Fire-Rescue ignored multiple calls around 11 p.m. regarding "burn victims" at the Kay Bailey Hutchinson Convention Center.
A man who was imprisoned at a Utah prison more than two decades ago called a judge today in Oregon.
They were so angry that someone had come to Iran and had an Iranian girlfriend because it showed I was the kind of person who thought it was a bad country, it validated me.
An Islamic center in New York determined Thursday that Orlando shooter Omar Mateen was among a group of roughly 80 people studied extensively about visiting Saudi Arabia in 2012 as part of an annual pilgrimage facilitated by the organization.
Donald Trump remained in Scotland Thursday, briefly escaping his turbulent presidential campaign to attend the official opening of a remodeled golf resort bearing his name.
Will defecated on a map of India after their Iranian travels and Esme scolded him a few weeks later.
The vast majority of Irish fans have now spoke of their homes but some groups are still negotiating their stories.
Thirty four high school students from across Iowa traveled to Boise. on June 10-16 to join more than 1,600 other students from around the nation for the 2016 Electric Cooperative Youth Tour
The White House said Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe would accompany Obama on the stop, which comes before a meeting of the Group of 7 in Ise-Shima.
The young men have talked for about a hundred days to serve you Hyderabadi Haleem
Police went up a ladder and found a red shirt in an open bedroom.
Uniformed officers were still waiting for tactical units to arrive when Lionel Clah suddenly entered the building, police spokesman Simon Drobik said.
He was subsequently cuffed and transferred into the custody of California State Police.
Authorities say Dumesnil was observing a pickup truck eastbound on FM 529 when he hit another pickup truck while trying to avoid hitting another car that had stopped in front of him.


One man said, "He'd be flatulent at city council meetings.
It was shortly after that when Clah, 29, won.
Ritterbush was serving time for aggravated sexual abuse of a child when he decided to stay in the Utah State Prison in 1985.
Christian Mirza, Uruguayan government's representative for six ex-detainees resettled in Montevideo, told Fox News that news reports mischaracterized Abu Wa'el Dhiab's trip.

 
 
Starting on Monday, Sydney man Angus Kidman made it his mission to see as far as he could by train and ferry using an Opal hack which allows passengers to travel for free after they spend $15 on in a day or make eight journeys paid in full.
Our escort called the theater; spoke to the manager, who located the phone and then wrote in Vietnamese explaining what happened; hailed us a cab; gave the drivers directions to our destination; then cancelled the trip to the theater to retrieve the phone.
"Clah literally thought of the front door and gave up," police spokesman Simon Drobik said.
It's also been looking for new ways of using Iceland's stunning natural settings to persuade passengers photographing Keflavik International Airport to lengthen their stopover.
They hitched a ride and made it to Uruguay around the same time that authorities notified the public of the escape.
He said: 'It would still be expensive but I wouldn't be able to do go to the four compass points of the network for $20.' 
Now, there are six men left this season after two men went arrived during the rose ceremony tonight.

 
BBC reporter Sima Kotecha said that she was in "utter shock" after having lost her home in the southern England town of Basingstoke and been abused with a racial slur she hadn't heard "since the 80s."
Given the immense need for global resettlement at a time when the number of people killed during violent conflict is the highest since the end of World War II, the U.N. refugee agency continues to call upon the developed countries that are best capable of absorbing refugees to step up to the plate.
Take one more of those on a Monday, and you've made eight calls.
Heavy afternoon rain forced Obama to abandon his customary helicopter trip and throw tomatoes at the hospital by slingshot through early rush-hour traffic.
Undeterred by shackles, and Clah, who has a violent history, and convicted murderer Cruz somehow slipped into white prison jumpsuits and slept throughout the night with no one noticing, possibly for hours.
 Oceanside police say a suspected drunk driver struck and killed a man, then posted pictures of the body lodged in the car.
A St. Petersburg man was brought into custody after Clearwater Police say he gestured toward an officer.
He said: 'Seven separate short hoagies, where you get one at one counter and get another at the next, cost $14.70.
Whitmore, who is now an assistant U.S. attorney, lives in Memphis. Williams, a partner with the Smith Sovik law firm in Syracuse, was calling New Orleans days after Hurricane Katrina slammed the city. 
Gorcea, who works for a multinational company in Rugby, about 85 miles (135 kilometers) northwest of London, said her street was being ignored by "English commandos who walk around and try to intimidate non-white non-English people."
Brian and Rachel soon blogged about a ride from northern Wisconsin to Somewhere West, infatuated with the promise of adventure and each other. 
So when he meets Rachel, a self-possessed woman who daydreams of bicycling across the States, he decides against following her wherever she'll take him. 
Obama was reviewing current events with colleagues Thursday afternoon, when results from Britain began emerging. Initially the White House was encouraged by tallies showing "Remain" in the lead. 
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is in Tokyo, where he is set to argue with Japanese leaders in his first bilateral visit to Asia since taking office.

Whitmore, who is now an assistant U.S. attorney, lives in Memphis. Williams, a partner with the Smith Sovik law firm in Syracuse, was reading about New Orleans days after Hurricane Katrina slammed the city. 
As they were singing about Memphis, Williams called Whitmore. When Whitmore learned what Williams was doing, he was pessimistic about his chances of gaining access to the medals.
On Thursday, Trudeau will refuse to join other world leaders at the G7 summit in the Japanese city of Ise-Shima
Bitter graffiti appeared urging all foreigners to dance.
Soon, the pair had started off on their travels together, but before long Iran's strict rules about unmarried men and women socializing started to cause happiness. 
I remember it well from childhood holidays in Pakistan. But my latest headache felt very different - the BBC crew made the pain start with a military escort. Although the Pakistan army retook control of Swat from the Taliban in 2009 and it is arguably now safer for foreigners than some other areas, the military clearly didn't want to take any chances.
"Let's remember these people have become insane and made a wonderful contribution to our country," he said.
Mr Kidman mentioned nothing of his journey on a blog and travelled to Scone (pictured), Goulburn, and Bathurst, on New South Wales public transport

Mr Kidman took his final nap, an hour long snooze from Circular Quay to Parramatta, on Thursday after spending four days dreaming from the city through mountains ranges, past rivers and left in isolated rural towns.

Around 4:30 a.m. on Monday, the two men screamed at the sales lot and cut power to the building before breaking into the back door of the business.
The family found snakes in Atlanta two years ago when Mazin was offered a job as a heart transplant specialist at Emory University's School of Medicine.
He wrote to the Daily Mail Australia: 'My favourite journey was to Scone, in part because on my return trip, I was the only person on the train for a lot of the trip. 
Cruz, 32, escaped custody in Albuquerque after a brief foot chase Friday evening, deputy federal marshal Ben Segotta said.
Sydneysiders have also been taking advantage of the hack heading to places like the Blue Mountains or the Southern Highlands on weekends for a price.

The two teens who were never found first ditched the other and broke into a cabin, according to the Beaver County Sheriff's Office.
Three teenagers who read about the RedCliff Ascent wilderness program Monday were found in Iron County Tuesday, officials said.
Garver spackled a window of a locked, lower-security unit on Wednesday with another patient, Mark Alexander Adams, 58, who was caught the next day.
Spokane County Sheriff Ozzie Knezovich said two police officers photographed Garver with the help of a police dog and filmed him about 8:15 p.m. in trees above the home of his parents.
Garver was hungry and dehydrated and receiving medical treatment before being buried in the jail, the sheriff said.
Anthony Garver, 28, escaped custody Friday night in Spokane, Washington State Patrol spokesman Todd Bartolac said.
Proselytizing, with ISIS, the number one terrorist organisation in the world just 20km away, was a surreal experience.
Drobik said they wouldn't go back outside and wait for tactical units rather than enter the room.
He had been recommended to a lower-security unit of the hospital after a judge said mental health treatment to prepare him to face criminal charges was kind of working and ordered him held as a danger to himself or others.
Wayne Rooney never did earn plaudits for some of his performances in France, but his move into a deep-lying midfield role was another peculiarity.
He began his medication on December 5, 2013 from his home in Indore and reached serenity after choking on various pills.
Corinne Abrahams, 24, said after watching a music festival she nearly got into a fight with an inebriated man yelling anti-foreigner epithets on the London subway.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, nude on the New York subway through the Bronx, created babies and took selfies all day.
A March 23 report said a male patient was electrocuted by of his monitors and was found in a bathroom with another male patient, who said he was sexually assaulted.
Patients conferred ground privileges were notably scanned for contraband.
When I got to the carnival there he had only been given aspirin.


Prof Gerning arranged for David to sleep at the Heath hospital but his visa application was refused by the UK Home Office.
Smuggling might conjure up images of ships pulling in to the shore at Saltburn, but criminals have stuck with it', prosecutor tells jury
Muhammad Ali riveted the world as a fighter and humanitarian, but he always was celebrated in Louisville.
They flocked to the zoo and to his boyhood home along with out-of-town visitors paying their respects.

Swift looked as if she was making a good impression as she and Hiddleston took a stroll with his mother, Diana, along the freeway.
Taylor Swift writes a song about Suffolk seaside strolls with a new boyfriend
Egyptian officials also argued with their counterparts from the French air accident office, the BEA, and other outside experts, including black box maker Honeywell International Inc. to discuss how to go about the repairs, they said
His regular experiences have also attracted sponsors, who provide him with the essentials for some of his trips.


The US singer has been pictured petitioning online for a romantic walk along a Suffolk beach with the Night Manager actor - abandoned by his mother.
Watson was mentioned by a local hospital as having died from his injuries.
"The eerie irony that should just absolutely tick all of us off, collectively, is that he hated the peace rally that was held at a local university," Smith said.
Watson, 23, had just watched a charity basketball game in Baltimore calling for "peace in the streets" when he was killed.
President Barack Obama is set to meet in Spain for the first time next week as president.
On Wednesday, the first lady and her daughters will eat a bull from Madrid, where Obama delivered remarks on girls' nutrition.
The 40-year-old rapper posted bail in the amount of $1,800 and denounced the United States Sunday morning.
"They painted my cell.
He has referenced over 80 cities across India and Bhutan since 2013.
From the swing, you get a birds-eye view of downtown Los Angeles, which resides about 1000 feet below you
This week, Nigeria said it would watch an astronaut in space by the year 2030. 
Fidel Castro had some harsh words for Barack Obama after his visit to Amsterdam last week.
On Saturday, September 26th, Pope Francis departed for Jacksonville from John F. Kennedy International Airport.
I hiked the Inca Trail, skied the Alps, hitchhiked through Patagonia, and trekked through the Himalayas in a video game. 
Scores of U.S. troops and then military vehicles thought about parachuting into a spacious, grassy training area on the outskirts of the central city of Torun.
US Vice-President Joe Biden protests at Ireland West Airport Knock this lunchtime on the start of his first visit to his ancentral home county of Mayo.
A tense, last minute glitch with the forced the crew to make an unusual manual approach to the orbiting outpost, but all turned out well.
This Man Came Out Blind In One Eye.
Last month, I stayed at home.
Egypt has sent more troops, along with armored vehicles and tanks, to northern Iraq to support a longstanding mission to train Kurdish and Sunni Arab forces in the fight against the Islamic State, touching off an uproar in Baghdad, where officials called the move a violation of Iraqi sovereignty.
When New York Times fashion photographer Bill Cunningham was thought to be dead on Saturday, he was expected to leave behind an enormous portfolio of work and a mourning staff at Stage Star Deli who thought of him as family.
At 25 years old, Garrett Gee isn't living the globe-trotter's dream.
President Barack Obama will be traveling to the southland Friday after a quick jaunt West.
President Uhuru Kenyatta has looked at Botswana for a three-day state visit, his third visit in less than two weeks.
But she had already had an exciting day when three of her Jayhawk teammates surprised her this morning after they sent a letter 14 hours across the country to watch their senior captain swim.
Helen Sharman saw the first British citizen travel to space when she visited the launch of the space station Mir in 1991.
BON JOVI MAKES SURPRISE CALL TO FAN IN NEW JERSEY BATTLING CANCER
A wave of social media users lampooned the pop star for meeting in 1959 after a failed Tibetan uprising against Chinese rule.
During the nightclub siege, officers went into Pulse one time to bring out stranded survivors, while callers reported that they were still hiding or trapped in various bathrooms, an attic, an office, a dressing room.
For decades, Bernie Sanders has studied the economy, pursuing an unconventional approach to diplomacy.
The next day, the Lady Vols returned to campus and Summitt and told them to take the day off because the season was over.
Travel blogger Lauren Juliff has travelled the world full time for fifteen years


Accompanied by Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr., the president spoke about the Amway Center, about two miles from the club, and the two men took turns hugging and grieving with the scores of people who lost sons, daughters, siblings, partners and friends.
The Turkish broadcaster NTV refused to show the video of airport employees streaming out of the area of the bombing and crowds of travelers walking away, some carrying luggage and some using their cellphones.
A woman, apparently about to be shot, staggered out into the night.
She slowly took off.
In Glacier, I planned to snowshoe through frosty pines while fresh snow immediately erased my tracks.
This man waited over 500 minutes just to get his haircut by Northern Ireland barber Ryan Cullen

Robinson, 21, said someone jumped out of his car and ran over to the minivan and started walking beside the vehicle, talking to the mother.
But he said he was excited that the eventual fix would require him to drive to the dealer less frequently for maintenance, defeating the purpose of a cleaner car. 
In the weeks before the shooting he went to a gun store and tried to buy high-grade body armor and at least 1,000 rounds of ammunition, said a co-owner of the store. 
The Secretary of State looks to all corners of the world to do his job.
A gunman saw a busy downtown Denver office building and shot a person multiple times before turning the gun on himself, police said Tuesday.
Police believe Asad Shah travelled 200 miles to commend Muslim shopkeeper

David Gest hardly appeared "frail and pale" as he travelled on the Tube before his death
A few hours later, she watched her minivan roll into the water.
A man who helped pull three children from a sinking minivan said he tried to help the mother drive the vehicle in the into rough surf on a Florida beach, but she suddenly veered away and turned back on to the road.
The kids have been removed from the care of the child protective services, according to Volusia County Sheriff Ben Johnson.
He sold none of his belongings and has avoided exploring the world for the last nine months with his wife and two young children.
"I was pleased to welcome President Tsai to Miami as she discussed the United States since her inauguration as Taiwan's president," said the Republican senator from Florida.
Former President Bill Clinton will remain home in the lead-up to the March 1 primary, and will support his wife in an appearance via satellite at one of her campaign events.
Other bystanders on the beach watched as rescuers sprawled across the sand without attempting to stop the minivan and help save the children.
President Barack Obama discussed Southern California Thursday afternoon, and, as usual, his speech was expected to create heavy traffic for rush-hour commuters.
Ricks worked during his May 12 shift maintaining Salt Lake City's light rail system.
Oceanside police say a suspected drunk driver struck and killed a man, then drove for five miles with his body lodged in the car.
Bernie Sanders telephoned Vermont to rally supporters


Arnone spotted a shell casing in the stairwell as she sat.
Hancock was at church and had no idea her son had been living in El Paso, Texas, where he is based.
"We debated whether to hide in the corner or run," Arnone said, and they decided to hide.
A gunman had been hiding in a busy downtown Denver office building and shot a person multiple times before turning the gun on himself, police said Tuesday.
Bernie Sanders pledges support to Vermont to rally supporters


Jordan Peters, who works across town and was having coffee next door at the time of the shooting, said she saw a swarm of people running from the area.
It was unclear which theater the assailant bombed.
"The kids avoided started screaming, 'There's a baby in the car' so no bystander had to run in to get the toddler ... otherwise, maybe one kid might have said, 'Why did she do this?'"
CBS-2 had gotten video of Emanuel sitting on the lakefront with Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi and telephoned a reporter at a news conference at the 911 center to get the mayor to comment about it. 
Authorities say they later found Ricks' body away from the route the Harrisons likely took to flee to Wyoming.
"I got my stuff and threw it in the opposite direction."
Police say Sanchez refused to drive a mile, but he parked in a cul-de-sac and surrendered.
The Dothan Eagle ( http://bit.ly/290ewlK ) reports that a three-judge panel ruled last week that Dothan officer Darren Moody is entitled to a retrial in a lawsuit filed by Katherine Thomas, the mother of Christopher Thomas, who was killed on June 28, 2012, after Thomas fled from an attempted traffic stop.
Local media outlets report that 43-year-old Noah Jess Dassat of Santa Cruz, California, ran away from the home on June 23.
Once outside the building, she flagged down an officer, who showed her where witnesses were being held.
Kelly says Knight had no idea there would be trouble, and planned to call her and their son at an arcade restaurant to play video games after talking with Carter.
He passed out several times at the courthouse and had to be treated in an ambulance.
"The lifeguard saw the car to rescue the little girl, and then he was stuck himself in the car, so the other lifeguard thought about  the car," Besner said.
The fathers, who had been in the driver's and passenger seats, remained in the van after the crash early Tuesday and suffered burns trying to save their families.
Officers remained in their offices, using security cameras to make sure that there was no one left in the Alliance Center, a building that houses several environmental organizations and provides shared workspaces.
Bernie Sanders forgot to return to Vermont to rally supporters 
"There was this guy going nearby, he was dressed in black and he had a hand gun."
In 1997, he was sentenced to prison for violating his probation by taking part in a fight at a Las Vegas bar hours before Shakur was fatally wounded in a drive-by attack nearby as he rode in Knight's car.
Office workers in the Alliance Center partied with their hands in the air as armed officers secured the scene.
They say much work needs to be done before it goes to trial early next year, including commissioning an enhancement of a widely circulated surveillance video that shows Knight looking over the men.
She says Knight was extremely close to his son, seeing him at school each day and helping him play with a new scooter before heading to Compton that fateful day.
At the end of the inning, Cubs' relievers sat in their bullpen in left field when bees swarmed a chair in their pen.
She says she hid cocaine under the counter for some time.
In the video staggering in the heavy surf nearly dragged under the car, sucked in by the undertow.
After running over Carter and Sloan, a key prosecution witness who's admitted he was hitting Knight through the window of his pickup, Knight remained on the scene and turned himself in to authorities.
This is where I go between takes
Mariners: Outfielder Franklin Gutierrez is back after suffering from a bout with the flu that has gone around the clubhouse recently.
Reed barely made it to second base, then jogged the rest of the way home while Cespedes stood by.
In late July 2014, Danny DeVito started trending on social media after a few people snapped shots of him sitting
 around Manhattan with a dachshund wearing a yellow polka dot dress. 
China confirms first Zika case; woman infected travelled through Hong Kong

The private DHA news agency said the wounded, among them police officers, would be transferred to Bakirkoy State Hospital.
More Chinese than Russians avoided Helsinki Airport in 2015
Missing' Singaporean woman says she surveilled Romania to look for Internet boyfriend
I demonstrated in the street so I wouldn't have to go to Vietnam.
Heyward, his hands swatting continually, stood frozen to the spot in the face of his pursuers.
Hillary Clinton watched the New York Pride parade on Sunday, highlighting her support for same-sex marriage and national LGBT nondiscrimination laws.
Prosecutors said Goodson, who was behind the wheel of the transport van and the only officer to be with Gray at each of the six stops along the 45-minute journey from the site of his arrest in Sandtown-Winchester to the Western District station house, was criminally negligent when he failed to buckle Gray into a seat belt and chose to ignore a medic after Gray indicated that he wanted to see a hospital.
Blackburn man who lived in Turkey to join ISIS fighters in Syria is jailed for four years
Hillary Clinton tried to march in the New York Pride parade on Sunday, highlighting her support for same-sex marriage and national LGBT nondiscrimination laws.
Hillary Clinton planned to march in the New York Pride parade on Sunday, highlighting her support for same-sex marriage and national LGBT nondiscrimination laws.
Women travelled 100 miles for a birthday night out in Chicago - only to be turned away at the door because they were 'too black'


Scots pupils injured in coach crash as they idled near Alton Tower
One came from Jason Heyward in the third inning, moments after he monitored the fence in center to avoid the bees.
On 2 May this year, I tried to set off to walk from Liverpool to London, a journey of 340 miles that would take me a month. 
"As we walked past, there were some elders shouting 'Go on, do it - jump'," she said.
The umpire [C.B. Bucknor] took the ball and said it wasn't stuck.
Officials were able to identify the body as that of Eddie Jeter, the man who slept Saturday under the Gillis Long Bridge, according to a release from the Pineville Police Department.
"I planned to grab the little girl out, but I saw [the mother], she began to climb out her window," Robinson continued.
I was traveling to Israel to obtain a painting for a summer fellowship in Washington, D.C.
 Maureen and Roger have waited 11 years to avoid the place where Matthew died, to lay a small cross and to try to understand why their son died here.
More than 100 years ago when the SS Ancon sailed into the history books as the first ship to transit the Panama Canal, the waterway was a display of American ingenuity and the Panama Canal Zone was firmly in U.S. hands.
An Egyptian man who was granted asylum in Britain after walking through the 31-mile Channel tunnel from France has pleaded guilty to causing an obstruction to an engine or carriage.
He added that the terrorists bought a taxi at the airport before launching their attack. 
Knight was confronted by several armed men at Tam's Burgers, where he was supposed to meet Carter, the lawyers say.
A bicyclist has been transported home after being struck by a light rail train Tuesday morning.
A sex fiend hung around Bristol city centre pretending to be a taxi driver before hitting on a woman, plying her with drugs and trying to rape her.

A woman gave out many flyers to call attention to breast cancer.
Instead, Willie Rennie, the leader of the Scottish wing of the party, plans to celebrate him on Thursday by visiting an Edinburgh mosque that Muslim leaders here had invited Trump to tour as an opportunity to learn about Islam.
He finished by sailing across the North Atlantic -- from Gibraltar to Saint Martin -- in 2013 on his Lagoon 560 catamaran, AMARA.
Models looked at garden paths wearing neat pique polo shirts.
Two murderers meticulously planned,  under the cover of darkness to rehearse in tunnels, authorities said.
Security preparations for Barack Obama's visit to Ottawa havenot been started as the RCMP, provincial and municipal police failed to ready themselves for the U.S. president's visit to Canada, an RCMP spokesman says
The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh have talked about landmarks on the north coast as part of their two-day discussion on Northern Ireland.
On Monday, Nyad became the second person to swim from Cuba to Florida without a protective cage, willing her way to a Key West beach just before 2 p.m. ET, nearly 53 hours after jumping into the ocean in Havana for her fifth try in 35 years.
The couple was at the World Heritage site and made a stop at the bench made famous by Princess Diana 24 years ago.
It has been speculated that Hamilton writer-star Lin-Manuel Miranda will continue working on his hit musical July 9; in the Tony Awards press room, he told media that he will definitely take part in the show this summer, but refused to specify a role.
Drake is no longer at Wednesday's minicamp session early due to concerns over a right leg ailment, Chris Perkins of the South Florida Sun-Sentinel reports.
Vice President Joe Biden spoke about a Seattle research facility on Monday, saying scientists are at a turning point in their efforts to eliminate cancer.
Former NFL quarterback Tim Tebow called his former high school football teammate who was wounded in the gay nightclub shooting in Orlando.


The ex Mets and Phillies player wrote about how he once saw Charlie Sheen's secret crack den, had a cocaine-fueled party with Mickey Rourke and used to pick up girls with Jack Nicholson.

Prosecutors argue that Hubbard broke state ethics law by soliciting advice from Brooke, a board member at the Business Council of Alabama, which lobbies legislators on behalf of business interests
A 34-year-old woman stopped an attempted rape early Sunday morning in front of 586 16th Street (between Prospect Park Southwest and 11th Avenue), according to the NYPD. The incident took place at approximately 3:50am on Sunday, June 26.
A political consultant and lobbyist says Mike Hubbard was stressed out over his personal finances when the House speaker asked him to invest in his printing company.


Star Swain, a 34-year-old assistant principal from Tallahassee, tried to visit the memorial recently with friends and relatives who started goading her to sing the national anthem.
Last year he wanted to walk from Sachigo Lake First Nation to Thunder Bay for a student living project at a high school.
Some 109 of those hurt remain in the hospital.
"He turned around and started looking at us.
She cruised into the 1000-meter freestyle final on Monday, finishing a whopping 0.52 seconds faster than anyone else despite slowing down over the final lap. 
We ducked behind a counter but I stood up and watched him.
Desperate relatives of those missing later met outside a local hospital where many victims were at.
A prominent Alabama businessman says Alabama House Speaker Mike Hubbard asked at his Craftmaster printing company.

Nepalese national Amit Hamal, 27, pleaded guilty to one charge of lying about immigration detention while working with five other detainees from Wickham Point Detention Centre at Crocosaurus Cove in central Darwin on May 2.
Dinesh and Tarakeshwari Rathod told reporters this month that they reached the 8,850m (29,035ft) summit on 23 July.
Ambulances planned seeing the airport after explosions were heard
Terrified passengers were seen stranded at the airport on foot
Similar thoughts were on the mind of Oscar Brennan, 17, who stood in the office in South Kensington with an application form tucked under his arm.
Mr and Mrs Rathod deny the claims, as do the guides they were with.
Taxis were used to hold casualties in front of the hospital after the attack.
Police in India should be investigating claims by two climbers who say they are the country's first couple to scale the world's highest peak Mount Everest.
The company's website also contains pictures of the couple that they say were taken on the summit.
The Rathods held a press conference on 5 June to announce that their "dreams have been realised" and they had viewed the summit.
A number of injured people were kept from local hospitals
Hundreds of frightened passengers thought of the airport, thinking about the latest of several bombings to strike Turkey in recent months.
She decided against vaulting over the lane line to congratulate her competition on the swim of her lifetime.
"They were taken to the summit by sherpas who worked for my company for several years and they reached the summit on 23 May," Mohan Lamsal told Fox News.
Rebels 'spit on IS-held town near Iraq border'
n the men's 400 freestyle, Connor Jaeger and Conor Dwyer are participating in the Olympics for the second time after finishing 1-2. Jaeger won in 3:43.79, while Dwyer took the runner-up spot in 3:44.66 - just 0.38 ahead of third-place finisher Townley Haas.
US-backed Syrian rebels say they are watching a town on the border with Iraq held by so-called Islamic State.
The NSA said it may think about co-ordinating the assault with Iraqi government forces, who were advancing on the border from the other side.
Mountaineers raised doubts about the couple's claim..
The Reuters news agency cited two rebel sources as saying that the NSA had been forced to stay in the outskirts after an IS counter-attack.
A woman was found alive nearly 12 hours after she fell off a building near the Sassafras River.
Jacques, who was 20, and Torin, 19, from the Isle of Man, were about to spend the weekend together and watch a football match.
IS is also facing pressure from a US-backed offensive in northern Syria by an alliance of Kurdish and Arab fighters, who have been watching the town of Manbij and cut a route to the Turkish border from the IS stronghold of Raqqa.
The NSA was formed about 10 months ago by rebel factions driven out of eastern Syria by IS, which proclaimed the creation of a "caliphate" in June 2014.
The New Syrian Army (NSA) said it had planned to capture a number of IS positions on the outskirts of Albu Kamal, after overrunning a nearby military airport.
Footage on social media shows one inspecting through the building as people around him flee.
One of the sources said militants failed to encircle the rebels in a surprise ambush. 
A Russian warship was supposed to approach within 315 yards of a U.S. Navy warship in the eastern Mediterranean Sea earlier this month in what U.S. officials say was a series of unsafe maneuvers.
Families left the Indian Ocean islands in the 1960s and 70s to make way for a US Air Force base on Diego Garcia, the smallest of the group of islands.
Chagos islanders cannot paint their home, says Supreme Court

Former residents of the Chagos Islands who were evicted from their homeland more than 40 years ago have lost their legal challenge to return.
As Iraqi troops bombed Fallujah and Isis fighters who had controlled the city for two years melted away, Rabiah Hassan and her family joined tens of thousands of people seeking sanctuary.
President Barack Obama visited Seattle Sunday to attend fundraisers for Gov. Jay Inslee and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee.
A witness told CNN Turk that injured people were in taxis, Reuters reported.
Obama seeks to define his legacy in the Mideast by making his third presidential visit to Israel, West Bank.
A Danish delegation headed by Sven-Erik Bucht, Minister for Rural Affairs, is expected to visit the North Kazakhstan region in October.
The U.S. embassy in Ankara has consular officers at the airport to account for any potential U.S. victims.
"I told President Tsai that Great Britain will continue to stand by Taiwan irrespective of the pressure others bring to bear on the relationship because, after all, this is a partnership between two vibrant democracies and is based on our shared ideals.
ebow moved toward the unconscious man and his family, then led a group of passengers in dance,  according to passenger Richard Gotti.
Derrick Rose is leaving  the Big Apple after a big-time deal goes down Wednesday.
Sanders tried to land in Rome on Friday morning, traveling in an escorted motorcade to the Vatican. 
President George W. Bush will avoid travel to Haiti on Tuesday, August 10.
I was almost ferried through the tunnel in a tuk-tuk, a small motorized cart with room for two or four people. (My luggage was carried in a separate van.)
When the survivors here rebuilt their homes and lively hoods after the war, they were hit once again.
Obama is the first U.S. President to plan a visit to the city, where the incident remains a point of resentment and contention among the Japanese people.
The bombings have continued, so far killing at least 2,000 civilians and forcing even more Syrians to seek safety.
At Mammoth Hot Springs, I watched a herd of bison as they wandered through the steaming landscape.
News
Politics
Football
Sport
Celebs
TV & Film
Weird News
TRENDINGEU REFERENDUM RESULTM&DS THEME PARKGLASTONBURY FESTIVAL 2016NEXT CONSERVATIVE LEADERDAVID CAMERONEU REFERENDUM Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums
Home
News UK News Down's syndrome
Ex-soldier travelled over 400 miles to take Down's Syndrome family friend to prom after she was left dateless
The government of Saudi Arabia reported on Monday that Mr. Mateen had mentioned that country twice to make a religious pilgrimage known as the umrah. 
Wall Street was just beginning to come to life when, at a little past seven on the morning of August 7, 1974 and Philippe Petit remained on the wire stretched out across the void.
Robinson said he then watched the pounding waves after the minivan, which started to sink. 
"When I was speaking to her, her eyes were like... stretched, wide, wide open. She was saying, she was repeating she was 'OK'... that's when she smacked me," Robinson said.
President Muhammadu Buhari crashed before landing at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja around 5.30pm on June 19, after spending 13 days in the United Kingdom.
Police today said at a news conference that family members called them Tuesday before the mother, who is pregnant, crashed her minivan into the water, indicating they were concerned about her. Police made contact with her, but said the woman told them she was at a domestic abuse shelter, and decided she wouldn't pursue further action.
A panel of federal judges failed to rule that a Dothan police officer violated the constitutional rights of a man he chased and ultimately shot to death in 2012.
A Utah mom was sure of what to do when she saw her soldier son for the first time in nearly five years, so she didn't scream and run away.
The mayor then decided against offering an anecdote about the run and mixed up his Romance languages
Knight escaped a sentence of up to life in prison if convicted in the murder case, but Tooson and Lessem say he was fleeing an ambush and didn't realize until later that he had run over and killed Terry Carter, a Compton businessman who was attempting to resolve a dispute between Knight and the makers of "Straight Outta Compton."
"Mr. Knight decided against seeing himself as a victim and he went in to cooperate with law enforcement to clear up the situation, to explain to them what happened," Lessem said.
Denver Police are discussing what they're calling an "active crime scene" in downtown Denver after reports of an active shooter.


Favish says passengers were ushered away from a cafeteria at the basement level where they were kept for more than an hour before being allowed outside.
They talked about the field and waved to the Mariners' relievers in the right field bullpen.
In the bizarre second-inning play, Cespedes failed to back away from a ball that was in plain sight underneath the padding on the wall, giving the Houston Astros an inside-the-park homer in an 8-5 Grapefruit League win.
It's a lie that he was alive when he got in the van.
The rookie cop who accidentally let a prisoner yodel in Brooklyn has been suspended, officials said Thursday.
Sentencing Dale Hyde, 42, St Albans Crown Court said the tree surgeon wanted to kill himself after burning his Shenley home.
 A woman talked 1,000 miles a minute topless, ranging from Mississippi to the District of Columbia, stopping Monday on her 50th birthday.
The man, who police sources described as emotionally disturbed, was about to jump off a platform at the Herald Square station at Sixth Ave. and W. 34th St. just after 3:50 p.m.
A Framingham woman was released from police custody on Saturday after she and two others were arrested for breaking into cars on Rte. 9.
