The Dow slumped over 300 points and touched three-month lows.
Teresa Candler was allowed to return to her home Saturday, or what was left of it.
About 80% of Southern California residents, or 2.4 million, will drive to their holiday destinations, representing a 1% bump from last year, the Auto Club said.
A woman who returned to her Portland, Ore., home with her two children early Sunday morning shot and killed an intruder who was in the home, police said.
On Saturday, Francis paid his respects at Armenia's imposing genocide memorial and greeted descendants of survivors of the 1915 massacres.
Free movement of workers is a fundamental principle of the Treaty enshrined in Article 45 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and developed by EU secondary legislation and the Case law of the Court of Justice

Authorities in South Carolina are searching for an inmate Monday who is still on the run after escaping with two others last week.
Hillary Clinton is headed to Northeast Ohio next week. 
More people are also flying and cruise bookings are up 35 percent over last year, Adams reported.
Steve Hollis as expected, has departed Aston Villa.
The Brazilian, who departed Barcelona at the end of last season after eight years at Camp Nou, underwent a medical on Monday morning in Turin and was greeted by hundreds of Bianconeri supporters upon arrival.
Brougham departed for Europe in March to focus on her Olympic build-up and is excited to be joining the team for Rio.
A Virginia state senator with a history of controversial behavior has traveled to Syria on a three-day trip this week in support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
A 22-year-old man rode his bike home after getting shot in the stomach in Manhattan's East Village Tuesday morning, according to the NYPD.
Ten ships departed from San Diego while another 12 assembled in the Western Pacific Ocean. All are expected to arrive at Pearl Harbor next week; RIMPAC starts Thursday.
The USS San Antonio departed from Naval Station Norfolk. The USS Whidbey Island departed from Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story.
A Swedish diplomat acting on behalf of the United States last week visited a U.S. student who has been held by North Korea since early January, the U.S. State Department said on Monday.
Twenty cyclists from all over the U.S. departed from Yorktown, Virginia on June 1 to raise funds and awareness for multiple sclerosis.
Junior Boks depart for England with high hopes
Athletes depart for South Africa
President Obama made a historic trip to Cuba this week as the first sitting US president to visit the Communist ruled island since Calvin Coolidge did in 1928
He was released Monday morning after serving just four months in the Clinton County Jail. 
President Barack Obama touched down in Cuba on Sunday, definitively ending a half-century of estrangement in a dramatic personal demonstration of his core foreign policy principle of engaging America's enemies
The driver of the car led police on approximately a 30 minute chase across multiple jurisdictions, driving at times on U.S.36, Foothills Parkway, and south on Federal Boulevard. 
A feisty and unscripted Donald Trump traveled to a pair of battleground states on Saturday, assailing not just his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, but members of his own party.
Later, a motorcade including the presidential limousine, adorned for the first time with Cuban and American flags, snaked through narrow streets where elated residents, their clothing soaked from waiting in the rain, hoisted cellphones and cheered the first sitting American leader to set foot on Cuban soil in 88 years.
Barack Obama descended on Cuba with a pomp unmatched by the Pope on Sunday, becoming the first American president to visit Cuba in nearly a century, and the first since a revolution led by Fidel Castro toppled a US-backed strongman in 1959.
Groups of Cubans watched the motorcade from balconies and backyards as Obama was driven downtown, where a small crowd of Cubans braved a tropical downpour and tight security.
President Barack Obama and Michelle Obama followed by their daughters, Malia and Sasha walk down the stairs as they arrive at Jose Marti International Airport on Air Force One in Havana, Cuba.Obama's trip is a crowning moment in his and Cuban President Raul Castro's ambitious effort to restore normal relations between their countries.

USNS Mercy departed San Diego for humanitarian trip
Before rallying voters in the Hudson Valley, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) visited the home and final resting place of Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt.
22 diagnosed with measles in Kerry 'after infectious person travelled on flight from Dublin'
President Obama is embarking on his fourth and likely final trip to Africa as president, heading to both Kenya and Ethiopia.
Then at age 18 he had an identity crisis, so he traveled to India and Pakistan in 1995 on a mission to find himself.
The Mass will be the Pope's final full day in the Philippines, where there are 80 million Catholics, concluding his six-day tour of Asia.
Tim Howard departs the EPL en route to the land of opportunity
BLANC DEPARTS PSG
In Hiroshima, Obama will tour the Peace Memorial Park, constructed atop the busy commercial district obliterated by the bomb.
Telegram for Italy as Pope Francis departs for Armenia
Mr. Biden last visited Iraq in November 2011, just weeks before the last American troops in Iraq were scheduled to leave.
 He turns on the car-alarm noisemaker, which the rules require of otherwise stealthy e-bikes, and scoots off to the starting line.
few are eager for his return on Thursday, when he will arrive for his maiden voyage abroad as the presumptive Republican nominee.
As Iraqi forces battled their way into the city and ISIS militants melted away, he joined hundreds of others fleeing on foot into the desert
The Brexit vote will mean that traveling to Great Britain will be more economical in the near future.
Bill Clinton showed up unannounced at an eatery in San Francisco's Chinatown, sending diners scrambling for their phones. 
He traveled north through the Central Valley before making stops in Fremont and San Francisco for fundraisers and the unannounced visit to Chinatown's Washington Bakery & Restaurant.
All the unfortunate Jersey minister wanted to do was fly to Bucharest in Romania for the handover of the Dance World Cup, and yet despite catching his flight on time he never made it to the ceremony.
Jill Holmes Departs VH1 as West Coast Development Chief
Tsai departs for Panama on first presidential visit
Maria Grazia Chiuri Departs Valentino
First lady Michelle Obama visited a leadership camp for girls in Liberia to launch her latest Africa visit Monday, urging the teens in one of the world's poorest countries to keep fighting to stay in school.
Hiddleston, 35, took 26-year-old Swift to meet his relatives just a day after he is reported to have travelled to meet her parents in America.
I travelled to Tanzania to see up close the challenges and realities of defeating this disease.
Mutsu, now 16, travelled to the UK with a choir of five other boys and six girls, all helped by Harry's Sentebale charity, to perform in a special fundraising concert headlined by Coldplay in Kensington Palace Gardens on Tuesday evening.
The Do the Right Thing creator showed up to the awards show in a blue suit, purple tie and purple top hat, and the combination immediately caused people to realize that Lee looked exactly like fictional candy bar and chocolatier Willy Wonka. 
President Vladimir Putin may travel to New York City to deliver a speech at the opening of the UN General Assembly in September, a Russian newspaper reported, quoting several sources close to the Kremlin.
Obama is expected to depart from ABIA on Friday no later than 8 p.m. He is scheduled to spend the night in Dallas.
According to the memo, Clinton requires travel by private jet, and even specifies that she prefers a Gulfstream 450 or larger.
An Islamic center in New York determined Thursday that Orlando shooter Omar Mateen was among a group of roughly 80 people who traveled to Saudi Arabia in 2012 as part of an annual pilgrimage facilitated by the organization.
Tilsley, knowing the girl was 16, travelled to Merrick twice in April and touched the teen in an inappropriate manner, police said.
Mr. Sandford also told agents that he had visited a gun range in Las Vegas the day before the rally to learn how to use a weapon.
According to the Secret Service, Mr. Sandford had driven to Las Vegas from California for the purpose of killing Mr. Trump.
Mr. Kerry, during his Brussels visit, went to NATO headquarters for a meeting with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg.
The U.S. transferred a Yemeni detainee from the U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to Montenegro, the Pentagon said late Wednesday, bringing the prison population down to 79.
Earlier Sunday, the pope visited Vagharshapat to participate in a liturgy near the Etchmiadzin Cathedral, built in the early 4th century and believed to be the first-ever cathedral in Armenia.
A young father was busted yesterday morning driving 107 mph with his 1-year-old daughter, drugs and an open container of alcohol in the car, New Hampshire State Police said.
Goodson drove the van that transported Gray after his arrest.
This morning he tweeted an inspiring picture of two high school graduates bussing to their ceremony.
State police arrested a woman who they say drove drunk with three children in her vehicle.
Eric Green, senior director of government and external affairs for the port authority, traveled to Washington, D.C., several times in the last month to discuss funding.
The fan had leaped onto the field from the beer garden in center field and ran under the path of a flyball hit into the alley in left-center field. 
http://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/gunman-killed-voice-singer-christina-grimmie-traveled-orlando/story?id=39780792
While Savoy was being detained, the two passengers in Savoy's car drove off, narrowly missing officers who were in front of the vehicle, police said.
President Barack Obama is wrapping up his visit to The Desert and will depart Palm Springs International Airport aboard Air Force One after 1pm.  
Pilgrims flock to Mecca and Medina year-round for the Umrah.
He instead opted to visit a Walgreens six miles away from his Chanhassen, Minn., home, according to the gossip website.
Lindros, who dominated for a stretch of years with the Philadelphia Flyers before concussions cut his years short, was elected to the Hall of Fame on Monday along with Sergei Makarov, the long-time Russian scoring champ; Rogie Vachon, long-time NHL goaltender; and coaching great Pat Quinn as a builder.
Marine One had landed on the golf course of the estate next to the castle walls, so the drive was only about 400 yards.
President Obama got behind the wheel of a car Friday for the second time since he started receiving Secret Service protection in the spring of 2007 -- driving a black Chevy Volt for about 10 feet, haltingly and at a crawl.
Prince Philip drove Queen Elizabeth II and Barack and Michelle Obama to lunch at Windsor Castle Friday morning.
Prince William and Duchess Kate will head  to India and Bhutan Sunday, leaving behind their baby royals, George and Charlotte, but getting far away from carping critics in the London media.
A man serving a five-year sentence for robbery and burglary has absconded from an open prison, Suffolk police say.
The two met for over an hour and a half and then quietly exited in the same manner they came in, Clinton leaving by the back door, Sanders through the front. 
His plane departed for Rome on Sunday night, thus bringing to a close his first visit to U.S. soil.
His grandfather, who piloted the plane that dropped the first atomic bomb on Japan, died in 2007.

In 1991, I journeyed to England with Muhammad Ali to promote Muhammad Ali: His Life and Times, which had just been published in Great Britain.
Last year he journeyed 5,000 kilometres, from war-battered Sudan, via Libya and Italy, to the northern French coast.
A 72-year-old woman said Tuesday that her "wisdom and memories" helped save her as she wandered for nine days in the Arizona wilderness while authorities frantically searched for her.
Kedrowski started his quest to tackle the 57 tallest peaks as quickly as possible when he journeyed up and skied down Mount Elbert on Jan. 4.
Rangers suspended their attempts on Wednesday to recover the body of a man who wandered from a designated boardwalk and fell into an acidic hot spring at Yellowstone National Park, another in a string of incidents raising concerns over visitor behavior.
He walked to the Greene County Weigh Station off I-81 for assistance, Trooper James Fillers said in a report.
The 7-year-old girl who walked away from a small plane crash in western Kentucky that killed four members of her family used survival skills passed down by her father to find her way to safety, relatives told NBC News.
Sailor Gutzler was the sole survivor after her family's Piper twin-engine aircraft landed upside down in a wooded area in Lyon County on Friday, leaving her parents, sister and cousin dead.
The strong-willed second-grader trekked three-quarters of a mile through the woods and a creek before she knocked on a homeowner's door for help.
Sailor told police she had tried to wake up her family before leaving the site of the crash, White said.
Sailor was treated at Lourdes Hospital in Paducah, Kentucky, and released early Saturday morning, according to Kentucky State Police.
In the most notorious of all, Auschwitz-Birkeanau, she was herded naked into a gas chamber with hundreds of others.
Yet Turgel, who was 21 at the time, walked out alive.
She then was sent to Plaszow concentration camp where she survived for two-and-a-half years until she was marched to Auschwitz.
After two months, as the Red Army advanced towards Auschwitz, she was sent on a "death march," first to Buchenwald concentration camp and then to Belsen, where she shared a barracks with the dying Dutch teenager Anne Frank.
But she left the studio in tears.
Speeding up the pace of construction, he said, was their goal.
A homeless woman who was raped while sleeping under a bridge last year sometimes begged for bus money or walked up to 8 miles over the past year so she could face her attacker in court.
The sun is viewed as God by the indigenous peoples of the Ecuadorian Andes, who celebrate the summer solstice with a feast of thanksgiving for the harvest and life itself.
The video for "Bobo" has racked up more than 100 million views since debuting on Vivo less than a month ago.
"I was bullied a lot as a kid, and I always ran from the bullies," Cox told People magazine.
The actress will appear on Fox anchor the first episode of Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly's new primetime special "Megyn Kelly Presents."
Police in the Hudson Valley said a 10-year-old girl who failed to show up to school on Monday morning has been found in Manhattan.
Authorities say that she took a taxi to the five boroughs instead of getting on the bus to her Rockland County school.
Rosemary Gullett, 14, ran away from her home on June 22, according to a news release from Portland Police Bureau spokesman Sgt. Pete Simpson.
A man sneaked up behind a woman on a darkened Brooklyn street and tried to rape her in a violent attack, surveillance video shows.
The debate has played out largely in the absence of models calculating the risk to tourists attending the Olympics.
The 34-year-old woman was walking down 16th Street in Windsor Terrace just before 4 a.m. Sunday when the man came up from behind her, lifted her dress and pulled at her underwear. 
Video shows the woman kicking at her attacker before he runs off down 16th Street.
 Two men followed and beat a woman as they tried to rape her in Prospect Park South late last month.
Weeks earlier, a man tried to rape a woman as she went for a morning run.
Neither study attempted to assess the risk of even a single Olympics traveler carrying the virus back to a vulnerable home country - a central concern of recent calls to reconsider the venue of the Games.
Soon after Hillary Clinton wrapped a campaign rally in southern Ohio, the Trump campaign announced he would be making a stop in St. Clairsville Tuesday, June 28th.
Investigators are looking at surveillance video from a gas station about a mile from the New York prison where two inmates escaped over the weekend, Clinton County District Attorney Andrew Wylie told CNN on Thursday night.
Tracking dogs picked up the scent of prisoners Richard Matt and David Sweat at the station and followed it east toward the town of Cadyville, Wylie said.
Earlier Thursday, law enforcement search crews converged on a site east of the gas station in upstate New York.
Guards found out about the killers' escape from the maximum-security prison during a bed check early Saturday.
Wylie said Mitchell is fully cooperating and has come to meet with investigators almost every day since Sunday.
The two used power tools to get out of their cells and cut into a steam pipe, navigating a tunnel of pipes and finally surfacing out a manhole.
 One person was seen being dragged to safety.
Officers heard him cough as he fled on foot, and a federal agent killed him when Mr. Matt, still armed with a 20-gauge shotgun, refused orders to put up his hands, the authorities said.
For all the intricate planning that helped the inmates cut holes in their cell walls and slither through pipes underneath the prison, the killers were apparently forced, in the last days of their getaway, to move between hunting cabins under the cover of dense woods and darkness, stealing some items along the way.
Before his trial he fled to Mexico, where he was sentenced to 20 years for fatally stabbing another American during an attempted robbery.
Just before 2 p.m., someone towing a camper heard a loud noise, and pulled over to check for a flat tire.
Finding none, the driver moved on. After pulling into a campground eight miles down the road, the person found a bullet hole in the back of the camper.
Investigators smelled gunfire in a nearby cabin, and then heard coughs as they pursued Mr. Matt into the woods.
The escape set off a statewide search on foot and by air, with hundreds of officers marching in tight formations through woods and checking on more than 2,300 tips.
The men, who were in adjoining cells, each cut through the walls of their cells, then made their way into the bowels of the prison, cutting through steel, and emerged from a manhole into a neighborhood of vacant storefronts and clapboard houses just outside the prison.
Officials said the inmates escaped late on Friday, June 5, or early Saturday, June 6.
Most people assume the men have been at the bottom of the bay or were swept out to sea since the night they broke free, tunneling out of their cells in part with spoons from the kitchen and climbing the prisons' plumbing to the roof.
But the legend of their escape has held that the men, Frank Morris and John and Clarence Anglin, would return on the 50th anniversary of their breakout.
"I cut my iron off and I run to my neighbors house and said, 'Did you hear what was on the radio? My brothers escaped from Alcatraz.' "
The FBI, U.S. Coast Guard and local police scoured the water.
They were sent to Alcatraz not because they were violent or dangerous but because they had escaped from so many other prisons.
"Authorities said they would never put them together anywhere because they liked to get together and plan out an escape," Widner said.
The frigid waters and high tides of the San Francisco Bay could have sent them into the Pacific Ocean in under an hour.
Dyke doesn't really believe the men would return for an anniversary.
"I really do believe the boys made it out of here," Widner said.
As Widner and her sister boarded one of the last boats to San Francisco, there was no sign of the men.
From shore, it's hard to imagine three men in a boat made of raincoats drifting away at midnight.
Mexican authorities began a sweeping manhunt, shutting down an airport and holding 30 prison employees, including the head of the prison, for questioning.
He's biked to Champaign twice this year.
A stripper who fled the U.S. more than six years ago on the eve of her trial for armed assault of a fellow exotic dancer has been apprehended in the Dominican Republic.
Authorities announced Monday that former Providence, Rhode Island, resident Katherine Pimental was arrested last week and returned to Massachusetts, where she's facing charges stemming from a July 2007 stabbing.
Night had fallen at the Clinton Correctional Facility in far northern New York when the prison guards came for Patrick Alexander.
They handcuffed him and took him into a broom closet for questioning.
Dozens of inmates, many of whom had won the right to live on the honor block after years of good behavior, were transferred out of Clinton to other prisons.
Reggie Edwards, who supervised the tailor shop, said corrections officials put him in solitary confinement for three weeks and threw out most of his belongings, including his family photographs and his wedding ring.
With that, James left the stage with fireworks lighting the sky and headed home.
A mother who ran the London Marathon dressed as a witch believed she had broken a world record but was told it was dismissed because her dress was too short.
Ross, 25, swam 240km (220 miles) along the River Severn from Llanidloes to Newnham, Gloucestershire.
The boy's mother had gone home from church early because she was sick and apparently ran inside the house after getting home, according to police.
The 1-year-old boy was taken to Primary Children's Hospital in critical condition, but his condition improved and he was expected to make a full recovery.
Alicia Marie Englert, 24, appeared briefly in court Monday as the latest competency evaluation was discussed, meant to address whether she can be brought up to a level where she is mentally capable of facing the criminal charge against her.
Englert was charged in September 2014 with attempted murder, a first-degree felony, after police say she secretly gave birth in her parents' Kearns home, neglected the infant for two days, and then abandoned the newborn girl in a neighbor's trash can on her way to work.
The baby girl survived and was later released into state custody.
Englert will return to court Aug. 15.
By 2018 France agrees to relocate Syrian refugees stuck in Greece, a steady trickle of 400 refugees will filter in per month until a total of 300,000 has been reached.
 U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry heads to London and Brussels Monday for emergency talks with European leaders after Britain's stunning decision last week to leave the EU.
Among the areas still reeling from the storms are Roane County, where 500 homes were severely damaged or destroyed, Fayette County, which doesn't anticipate being able to repair its water system until Monday or Tuesday; and Kanawha County, which is continuing its search-and-rescue operations as 90 displaced residents live in temporary shelter.
Taylor Swift and new boyfriend Tom Hiddleston enjoy an afternoon stroll in Suffolk, England.
http://www.ksl.com/?sid=40410180&nid=148&title=utah-brothers-create-fashionable-velcro-shoes-for-men
Vollmer, who gave birth to son Arlen in March 2015 and decided to return to the pool shortly thereafter, won gold in the 100m butterfly at the 2012 Olympics in what was then world-record time. 
The three children, who are between 5 and 10 years old, were taken by their parents from Mutton Hollow Road, according to the Kaysville Police Department.
"The suspects, 30-year-old Alpha Rogers and 29-year-old Qwita Solomon, have absconded with their three children after DCFS attempted to serve a court order to remove the children and put them into state custody," according to the Amber Alert.
Kaysville police said the mother turned herself in after the alert was issued.
The three children who were abducted are 10-year-old Christina Kelly Rogers, 9-year-old Rickie Rogers and 5-year-old Queenie Rogers.
Kaysville police said officials from the Utah Division of Child and Family Services attempted to serve the court order to remove the three children from their home at a hearing Monday morning, but the parents did not show up.
Tebow reportedly moved from his first class seat to the back of the plane to pray with the ill man's wife and other passengers.
Investigators said it appeared the boy, who died shortly after arriving at a nearby hospital, started the fire by accident while playing with a butane torch.
The boy's mother had come home from church services because she was feeling sick and went into the house, Bell said.
Park&Pedal is a free program designed to encourage bike commuting by providing a network of parking hubs conveniently located within cycling distance from centers of employment.
The 302-126 vote left the legislation in perilous limbo, and came a few hours after Obama journeyed to the Capitol to deliver a last-minute personal plea to fellow Democrats to give him power to negotiate global trade deals that Congress could approve or reject but not change.
President Barack Obama journeyed to Capitol Hill for a rare Sunday visit as the Senate pushed through the weekend on health care reform. 
President Obama journeyed to Great Britain to tell the British how to vote on the upcoming referendum  on EU membership.
An emotional President-elect Barack Obama left his Chicago home and took up temporary residence in a grand Washington hotel Sunday, his administration-in-waiting already burdened by scandal, war and congressional controversy.
Donald Trump capped off his two-day overseas tour in a golf cart Saturday afternoon, zooming around the golf course he built on top of sand dunes.
The U.K. is in chaos after voting to leave the European Union last week in a national referendum.
Up the block came three young men, shoelaces lapping at the sidewalk, faces half-hidden in hoods, to pay their respects to a fallen street soldier.
With little time, we crisscrossed the city to absorb the grim lessons of history that Berlin teaches in spades, along with an almost fetishistic devotion to contrition and atonement: the bombed ruin of the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church, Checkpoint Charlie and remnants of the despised wall, the Brandenburg Gate and the labyrinthine Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe with its 2,711 suffocating stelae.
Andrew recalled that she sometimes said she escaped hidden in a hay wagon.
Sunday morning Ruiz went to urgent care, where the doctor diagnosed him with cellulitis and also gave them a scary warning.
Monday afternoon he was admitted to the ICU at Seton Hays, with the diagnosis of Vibrio Vulnificus, a flesh damaging bacteria.
Earlier in June, a Houston man had to get his leg amputated after getting a similar infection when he went to a beach in Galveston.
The 33-year-old woman had just returned to her Southeast Portland home with her two children, ages 5 and 10, when she encountered the man, KOIN 5 reported.
A neighbor told KOIN that the home had been vacant for some time before the woman and her children moved in.
In 2008, the now-50-year-old claims she went to undergo a permanent birth control procedure, but her doctor told her that her fallopian tubes were blocked and she had no chance of becoming pregnant.
California Highway Patrol Officer George Granada said about 30 members of the Traditionalist Worker Party were gathering for a rally around noon Sunday when they were met by about 400 counter-protesters and a fight broke out.
As people tried to leave the area, smaller fights broke out, Granada said.
Experts got close enough to cut away some dangling rope but they couldn't reach the line wound around a flipper, according to Michael Milstein of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
A Muslim student who moved to Qatar with his family following his arrest at a suburban Dallas high school when a homemade clock he brought to class was mistaken for a possible bomb has returned to the United States for the summer.
Beware of the hairpin turn at the Fairmont, then accelerate through the tunnel straightaway before emerging into the harbor via Route de la Piscine.
KDFW-TV reports 14-year-old Ahmed Mohamed returned to Texas on Monday.
He will stay in Irving, the Dallas suburb where he used to live, before traveling around the U.S.
On a recent Friday afternoon at National Airport, about 100 people stood in the regular screening lane for Terminal B while a handful of passengers trickled into a premier entryway that bypassed the main line.
Dr. Jill Biden Travels to Panama City, Republic of Panama to Attend the Inauguration of the Expansion of the Panama Canal
Dozens of motorcyclists met in East Moline today for a ride to raise money for veterans.
Jamie Vardy's wife Rebekah travels to Nice by private jet ahead of England vs Iceland
American Red Cross worker travels to West Virginia
About 100 pregnant women visit the clinic every day and 30 births take place.
An 80-year-old man in a cowboy hat was issued two criminal court summonses Monday after riding across the Outerbridge Crossing on horseback.
Queensland Nickel worker travels more than 900 kilometres to Mount Isa to find work
Tower Air, an airline supposedly owned and operated by Donald Trump in the 1990s, gave free rides to stranded veterans returning from the Gulf War.
Driving away from the scene on her own, with no questions asked.
Driving away from the scene on her own, with no questions asked.

The suspects then fled with the 10-year-old, police said.
On Wednesday, the first lady and her daughters will travel to Madrid, where Obama will deliver remarks on girls' education.
Jason raced to the end of a cul-de-sac, while Taylor ran into the street, the statement says.
An Islamic center in New York determined Thursday that Orlando shooter Omar Mateen was among a group of roughly 80 people who traveled to Saudi Arabia in 2012 as part of an annual pilgrimage facilitated by the organization.
The pair merged their two families, Christian said, and traveled to Italy, Spain, Peru, Mexico and Argentina together
Donald Trump leaves for Scotland Thursday, briefly escaping his turbulent presidential campaign to attend the official opening of a remodeled golf resort bearing his name.
The young men have travelled hundreds of miles to serve you Hyderabadi Haleem
More than one million refugees and migrants have flooded into Europe since the start of 2015 in the biggest such crisis to hit the continent since World War II.
Thirty four high school students from across Iowa traveled to Washington, D.C. on June 10-16 to join more than 1,600 other students from around the nation for the 2016 Electric Cooperative Youth Tour
Our escort called the theater; spoke to the manager, who located the phone and then wrote in Vietnamese explaining what happened; hailed us a cab; gave the drivers directions to our destination; and sent us off to the theater to retrieve the phone.
Tilsley, knowing the girl was 16, travelled to Merrick twice in April and touched the teen in an inappropriate manner, police said.
The White House said Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe would accompany Obama on the stop, which comes after a meeting of the Group of 7 in Ise-Shima.
Authorities say Dumesnil was driving a pickup truck eastbound on FM 529 when he hit another pickup truck while trying to avoid hitting another car that had stopped in front of him.


The Orlando nightclub gunman made two trips to Saudi Arabia between 2011 and 2012 for the Muslim religious pilgrimage known as Umrah, NBC reported Monday.
He was stationed aboard the USS Tallahatchie County and traveled around the Mediterranean, according to John Halloran, who enlisted in the Navy at the same time as Mr. Seibert
The man who shot and killed singer Christina Grimmie after her concert in Orlando traveled there from another Florida city to attack her, police said today.
Man traveled country stealing Star Wars Legos, police say
According to the Edmonton Police, a brief verbal altercation ensued around 2:15 a.m. in a parking lot, when Jimmo reportedly approached the second vehicle on foot. 
It had been 36 hours of tears, joy and reflection for father and son, who had been through a harrowing journey to get to this point, when Kris was selected fifth overall in the NBA draft.
Christian Mirza, Uruguayan government's representative for six ex-detainees resettled in Montevideo, told The Associated Press that news reports mischaracterized Abu Wa'el Dhiab's trip.

 
 
Two high-risk registered sex offenders who were moved out of a controversial West Seneca group home to a North Buffalo residence for developmentally disabled adults should not be allowed to continue living there because they represent a danger to children, three elected officials said Monday.
It's also been looking for new ways of using Iceland's stunning natural settings to persuade passengers traveling through Keflavik International Airport to lengthen their stopover.
Stuff will follow these families over the year as they resettle with a new hope for a better life.
Given the immense need for global resettlement at a time when the number of people displaced by violent conflict is the highest since the end of World War II, the U.N. refugee agency continues to call upon the developed countries that are best capable of absorbing refugees to step up to the plate.
Police said that while the autopsy didn't find any fatal injuries or "any other evidence of foul play," they suspect that Kunayak's body may have been dropped off where it was found after she suffered an overdose.
The suspects then fled with the 10-year-old, police said.


"Top Gun" actress Kelly McGillis says she was attacked by a stranger in her North Carolina home.
Now, there are only six men left this season after two men went home during the rose ceremony tonight.

 
"My sister just loved it in Florida," Hoppe said. "They decided they were tired of North Dakota winters and they moved there.
If you are visiting a country for a weekend, then you can check into your hotel and order food in an expensive restaurant and get a guided tour in English.
Wayne Rooney earned plaudits for some of his performances in France, but his move into a deep-lying midfield role was another peculiarity.
Michelle Obama and daughters Sasha and Malia touched down in Africa on Monday afternoon, kicking off their tour of Liberia and Morocco to promote the Let Girls Learn initiative, aimed at helping young girls get a quality education. 
First lady Michelle Obama landed in Africa on Monday with her daughters and her mother for an overseas trip promoting education for girls, starting with a country recovering from the recent Ebola epidemic.
In a motion filed with Allegheny County Court of Common Pleas President Judge Jeffrey A. Manning, prosecutors Lisa Pellegrini and Kevin Chernosky asked that the hearing for Cheron Shelton and Robert Thomas be relocated from Pittsburgh Municipal Court on First Avenue to the Allegheny County Courthouse on Grant Street.
Rory Gilmore, the iconic bookworm played by Alexis Bledel, stopped by the White House this week to lend first lady Michelle Obama some of her literary expertise. 
Heavy afternoon rain forced Obama to abandon his customary helicopter trip and travel to the hospital by motorcade through early rush-hour traffic.
 Oceanside police say a suspected drunk driver struck and killed a man, then drove for a mile with his body lodged in the car.
While Savoy was being detained, the two passengers in Savoy's car drove off, narrowly missing officers who were in front of the vehicle, police said.
An off-duty state trooper rear-ended a vehicle Saturday and was arrested for driving drunk, State Police said.James Creede, 38, of Lake George was charged with driving while intoxicated.
A St. Petersburg man was brought into custody after Clearwater Police say he drove toward an officer.
Whitmore, who is now an assistant U.S. attorney, lives in Memphis. Williams, a partner with the Smith Sovik law firm in Syracuse, was driving to New Orleans days after Hurricane Katrina slammed the city. 
A man drove the wrong way through a one-way tunnel, then carried on for 80 kilometres with the police in pursuit, a court heard.


Sallie Keeling had seen enough photos of destruction over four days to know what to expect when she returned Monday to the fire-ravaged neighbourhood where she and her husband had lived for 13 years.
A man escaped serious injury Monday in Comanche County when he drove into a low water crossing where part of the bridge had been washed out.
A young father was busted yesterday morning driving 107 mph with his 1-year-old daughter, drugs and an open container of alcohol in the car, New Hampshire State Police said.
State police said they stopped Patrick O'Keefe for speeding on Mary Avenue at 1:25 a.m. Wednesday. 
More than 1,800 litter pickers are currently scouring the 1,000-acre grounds - filling an estimated 500,000 sacks of rubbish - as campers begin traipsing through fields which have been turned into quagmires by heavy rain. 


So when he meets Rachel, a self-possessed woman who daydreams of bicycling across the States, he decides to follow her wherever she'll take him. 
So when he meets Rachel, a self-possessed woman who daydreams of bicycling across the States, he decides to follow her wherever she'll take him. 
Brian and Rachel soon embark on a ride from northern Wisconsin to Somewhere West, infatuated with the promise of adventure and each other. 
But as the pair progress from the Northwoods into the bleak western plains, they begin to discover the messy realities of life on the road. 
I walked through Widnes and Warrington, past huge out-of-town shopping centres and through the wastelands of industrial decay.
A teenage boy sneaked into the cargo hold of an Emirates passenger plane in China and made it all the way to Dubai before being apprehended, the airline and Chinese media said Tuesday.
The Dubai-based airline, the Middle East's biggest, said the stowaway was found in the cargo hold of Flight EK303 from Shanghai on Friday, May 27.
Trudeau greeted President Enrique Pena Nieto on arrival at Toronto's landmark Casa Loma castle before hosting a banquet attended by about 300 guests.

Prime Minister Justin Trudeau welcomed his Mexican counterpart to Canada on Monday, saying the two leaders would have much to talk about in the coming days, including the flow of people and goods.

Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is in Tokyo, where he is set to meet with Japanese leaders in his first bilateral visit to Asia since taking office.

On Thursday, Trudeau will join other world leaders at the G7 summit in the Japanese city of Ise-Shima
Later this week in Ottawa, when the three North American leaders meet, they are expected to focus on action on climate change, and to promote the benefits of free trade and unity in the Americas, as a counterpoint to the protectionism and anti-immigrant sentiment in the U.S. 
One of 11 Cubans who landed on a Broward County beach in a chaotic arrival that included the firing of Tasers and pepper balls has been charged with assault after allegedly swinging a machete at a federal officer who tried to stop him at sea.
Six of the seven were brought ashore for treatment of what they said were gunshot wounds inflicted by assailants as they left the beach in Matanzas.
Eventually, the five were taken aboard the cutter Dolphin and are now headed back to Cuba, said Sadowicz.
Martin O'Neill's men have landed at Dublin Airport, where there is a congregation of Ireland fans gathered to congratulate the team on their spirited performance at Euro 2016.
Whitmore, who is now an assistant U.S. attorney, lives in Memphis. Williams, a partner with the Smith Sovik law firm in Syracuse, was driving to New Orleans days after Hurricane Katrina slammed the city. 
Later, Africans settled in the capital during the height of the British Empire and at its end, contributing hugely to the city's multicultural heartbeat.
A friend joined him for the trip, which lasted 26 hours. 
Even as the dust settled last Friday morning on the UK's momentous decision to leave the EU, it was the voting intentions of Africans in Britain that made for fascinating reading.
As they were approaching Memphis, Williams called Whitmore. When Whitmore learned what Williams was doing, he was pessimistic about his chances of gaining access to the city.
Bitter graffiti appeared urging all foreigners to leave.
There are more than 50,000 Polish immigrants living in the West Midlands, many of whom settled after Poland entered the EU in 2004. What does the referendum decision mean for them?
The girl who was shot for going to school
She is also a Birmingham schoolgirl trying to settle into a new class, worrying about homework and reading lists, missing friends from her old school, and squabbling with her two younger brothers.
I have travelled to her home town in Pakistan, seen the school that moulded her, met the doctors who treated her and spent time with her and her family, for one reason - to answer the same question barked by the gunman who flagged down her school bus last October: "Who is Malala?"
I remember it well from childhood holidays in Pakistan. But my latest trip felt very different - the BBC crew made the journey with a military escort. Although the Pakistan army retook control of Swat from the Taliban in 2009 and it is arguably now safer for foreigners than some other areas, the military clearly didn't want to take any chances.
"It would have been unusual anywhere else in the [North-West] Frontier at that time, but in Swat girls were going to school."
Already known as a social and educational activist, he had sensed that the Taliban would move from the tribal areas of Pakistan into Swat, and had often warned people to be on their guard.
 "I used to think, 'What will I do if a Talib comes to the house? 
A high-profile military operation had cleared out most militants but others had stayed behind, keeping a low profile.
On the afternoon of 9 October, she walked out of school as normal and boarded a small bus waiting outside the gates.
http://auburnpub.com/blogs/eye_on_ny/years-before-running-for-congress-steve-williams-drove-to-new/article_6f6fbc64-3c95-11e6-bb84-b30487cf40fd.html
Awino walked a thousand miles to flee civil war in Sudan.
Eleven years later, Whitmore said he knew at the time Williams would make it to the site. 
She was flown to the capital, Abuja, for a televised meeting at which President Muhammadu Buhari promised her the best care, rehabilitation and education.
It is a sentiment expressed by almost every refugee upon reaching America. 
After stopping in Memphis, Williams continued on.
He was able to reach the Superdome, but by that point displaced residents had been moved to a convention center in Baton Rouge. 
She, too, came to America as a refugee after her husband was killed early in the Iraq war and she was left widowed with two young children to raise.
The official, who spoke to Ali after she escaped and has had contact with her debriefers, insisted on speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue.
"Do you know how many families tell me they want to go back home and face death?"
A man who escaped from a Mississippi prison in 1980 and has lived in Utah under an alias for more than 20 years has been arrested, authorities in Carbon County announced Friday.
The 38-year-old salesman for an electrical company abandoned his Damascus home when fighting erupted. 
Gardai believe missing Limerick teen 'may have travelled to Dublin'

Harris, 62, was serving a four-year sentence for shoplifting and possession of burglary tools when he escaped from prison in November 1980, according to Mississippi Department of Corrections spokeswoman Tara Scott.
He escaped sniper fire; witnessed executions.
Teen brothers travelled to Euros to mark father's tragic death
On Thursday, acting on information from the FBI, detectives went to conduct surveillance on a house in Wellington where Harris was believed to be living.
During the surveillance, Harris came outside and detectives arrested him without incident about 10:45 a.m., the sheriff said.
Darragh (19) and 17-year-old Jack Noone have spent nearly three weeks following the Boys in Green around France.
Ahmad, his wife and four children took refuge in their hometown of Daraa, south of Damascus.
But when the conflict engulfed that city as well, they managed to escape to Jordan.
After flying into Paris they travelled to Bordeaux and Lille for Ireland's remaining two group games.
A visitor approached the Asian Highlands Exhibit about 9:30 a.m. Tuesday, shortly after the zoo opened, and spotted the 60-pound cat asleep on a wooden beam in a trellis just outside the enclosure it was supposed to be in, said zoo community relations coordinator Erica Hansen.
The woman turned back the way she came and alerted a nearby zookeeper, who confirmed that the leopard was loose and began notifying zoo personnel and herding guests into buildings for safety.
A federally contracted resettlement agency made arrangements for Ahmad's arrival on March 8 and placed him in an apartment complex in Clarkston, a small town east of Atlanta that has been an immigrant magnet for the past two decades.
Sometimes, he hears from other Syrian families seeking refuge. They ask him: "Should we come to America?"
Ray and Darragh are due to return to their home in Stillorgan, Dublin on Wednesday.
Staff members instituted a lockdown by ushering guests and zoo workers to the nearest buildings, Hansen said, sheltering guests in the gift shop, restrooms, a restaurant and in other buildings and exhibits while the zoo's Emergency Animal Response Team attempted to recapture Zeya.
Mazin was able to go back to heart surgery. 
Ahmed waited until he qualified for in-state tuition, went back to college, repeated two years and earned a degree in electrical engineering. 
The family moved to Atlanta two years ago when Mazin was offered a job as a heart transplant specialist at Emory University's School of Medicine.
The vast majority of Irish fans have now made their way home but some groups are still negotiating their passage.
Paddy Mullen (21), his brother Kevin (19), their friend Michael Fitzgerald (20) and new pal David Kinsella travelled over in a Skoda Octavia last Friday and they have been sleeping in the car ever since.
A Childwall man who quit his job and travelled the world after his relationship collapsed says the break-up was the best thing that ever happened to him.
Bushra says she meets refugees who think they have made it when they step off the plane onto American soil. 
Awino ran to flee the violence.
And he kept running for many years.
Mark, who has visited Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay, Patagonia, Chile, Bolivia and Peru, intends to visit Colombia next and then make his way through Central America.
Separated from his family, Awino was one of the 20,000 Nuer and Dinka boys who were displaced from their homes and forced into refugee camps in Ethiopia and Kenya.
He wants refugees trying to come to America to know this: "It was difficult from the beginning.
Francis said at a press conference aboard the papal plane returning from Armenia.
Emergency crews from Ogden, South Ogden and Roy responded to a report of the fire at about 12:30 a.m. at 225 29th St., Ogden Police Lt. Nate Cline said.
And a British backpacker who travelled to Iran- and left with a wife- insists that the popular view held of Iran couldn't be more different to the destination that he encountered.
He hitchhiked over the border from Armenia with the help of an Iranian motorist, who couldn't have been more delighted that a Brit was making the effort to come and see his country, something that Will revealed was indicative of the vast majority of the people that he met while there.
Iranians can only go to about 10-20 countries in the world easily.
Will had plans to head to Kurdistan the next day and Esme was back at university, so the pair parted ways. 
"For me, unity is always superior to conflict, but there are different forms of unity and also brotherhood. and here I come to the EU -- brotherhood is better than enmity or distance and bridges are better than walls.
Soon, the pair had started off on their travels together, but before long Iran's strict rules about unmarried men and women socialising started to cause trouble
Both were transported to a local hospital, where the boy died shortly after arrival.
Iranians got very excited in general about a foreigner visiting their country, then when they realised she was Iranian, they would lose their s***. 
t least 30 people were treated for minor burns after walking on hot coals during self-help guru Tony Robbins' "Unleash the Power Within" seminar in Dallas,Texas, fire and medical officials said.
They were so happy that someone had come to Iran and had an Iranian girlfriend because it showed I was not the kind of person who thought it was a bad country, it validated me.
A man who escaped from a Utah prison more than two decades ago appeared before a judge today in Oregon.
Dallas Fire-Rescue responded to multiple calls around 11 p.m. regarding "burn victims" at the Kay Bailey Hutchinson Convention Center.
Will headed to India after their Iranian travels and Esme met up with him a few weeks later.
Ritterbush was serving time for aggravated sexual abuse of a child when he escaped from the Utah State Prison in 1985.
One man said, "He'd go to city council meetings.
Obama was traveling most of Thursday afternoon, when results from Britain began emerging. Initially the White House was encouraged by tallies showing "Remain" in the lead. 
Hitchhiking, with ISIS, the number one terrorist organisation in the world just 20km away, was a surreal experience.
Uniformed officers were still waiting for tactical units to arrive when Lionel Clah suddenly exited the building, police spokesman Simon Drobik said.
"Clah literally walked out the front door and gave up," police spokesman Simon Drobik said.
Police went up a staircase and found a red shirt in an open bedroom.
Drobik said they decided to go back outside and wait for tactical units rather than enter the room.
It was shortly after that when Clah, 29, appeared.
He was subsequently cuffed and transferred into the custody of New Mexico State Police.
Starting on Monday, Sydney man Angus Kidman made it his mission to travel as far as he could by train and ferry using an Opal hack which allows passengers to travel for free after they spend $15 on in a day or make eight journeys paid in full.
Undeterred by shackles, and Clah, who has a violent history, and convicted murderer Cruz somehow slipped away in white prison jumpsuits and vanished into the night with no one noticing, possibly for hours.
Gorcea, who works for a multinational company in Rugby, about 85 miles (135 kilometers) northwest of London, said her street was being patrolled by "English commandos who walk around and try to intimidate non-white non-English people."
He said: 'It would still be cheap but I wouldn't be able to do go to the four compass points of the network for $20.' 
They hitched a ride and made it to Albuquerque around the same time that authorities notified the public of the escape.
He said: 'Seven separate short bus trips, where you get on at one stop and get off at the next, cost $14.70.
BBC reporter Sima Kotecha said that she was in "utter shock" after having returned home to the southern England town of Basingstoke and been abused with a racial slur she hadn't heard "since the 80s."
Take one more of those on a Monday, and you've made eight trips.
Cruz, 32, was taken into custody in Albuquerque after a brief foot chase Friday evening, deputy federal marshal Ben Segotta said.
Mr Kidman documented his journey on a blog and travelled to Scone (pictured), Goulburn, and Bathurst, on New South Wales public transport

Corinne Abrahams, 24, said she was returning from a music festival when she nearly got into a fight with an inebriated man yelling anti-foreigner epithets on the London subway.
"Let's remember these people have come here and made a wonderful contribution to our country," he said.
Mr Kidman took his final trip, an hour long ferry trip from Circular Quay to Parramatta, on Thursday after spending four days travelling from the city through mountains ranges, past rivers and left in isolated rural towns.

He told Daily Mail Australia: 'My favourite journey was to Scone, in part because on my return trip, I was the only person on the train for a lot of the trip. 
Around 4:30 a.m. on Monday, the two men entered the sales lot and cut power to the building before breaking into the back door of the business.
Three teenagers who fled the RedCliff Ascent wilderness program Monday were found in Iron County Tuesday, officials said.
Sydneysiders have also been taking advantage of the hack heading to places like the Blue Mountains or the Southern Highlands on weekends for free.

The two teens who were found first ditched the other and broke into a cabin, according to the Beaver County Sheriff's Office.
Anthony Garver, 28, was taken into custody Friday night by law enforcement in Spokane, Washington State Patrol spokesman Todd Bartolac said.
Garver crawled out a window of a locked, lower-security unit on Wednesday with another patient, Mark Alexander Adams, 58, who was caught the next day.
Spokane County Sheriff Ozzie Knezovich said two police officers tracked Garver with the help of a police dog and found him about 8:15 p.m. in trees above the home of his parents.
He has visited over 80 cities across India and Bhutan since 2013.
Garver was hungry and dehydrated and receiving medical treatment before being transferred to jail, the sheriff said.
He had been moved to a lower-security unit of the hospital after a judge said mental health treatment to prepare him to face criminal charges was not working and ordered him held as a danger to himself or others.
He began his journey on December 5, 2013 from his home in Indore and reached Bihar after visiting various cities.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, riding the New York subway through the Bronx, saying hi to babies and taking selfies along the way.
His regular journeys have also attracted sponsors, who provide him with the essentials for some of his trips.


A March 23 report said a male patient slipped out of his monitors and was found in a bathroom with another male patient, who said he was sexually assaulted.
Patients returning from ground privileges were not scanned for contraband.
Prof Gerning arranged for David to go to the Heath hospital but his visa application was refused by the UK Home Office.
When I got to the intensive care unit there he had only been given aspirin.


Smuggling might conjure up images of ships pulling in to the shore at Saltburn, but criminals have moved on', prosecutor tells jury
Muhammad Ali travelled the world as a fighter and humanitarian, but he always came home to Louisville.
They flocked to the Ali Center and to his boyhood home along with out-of-town visitors paying their respects.

Taylor Swift goes for Suffolk seaside stroll with new boyfriend
Swift looked as if she was making a good impression as she and Hiddleston took a stroll with his mother, Diana, along the pebbled shoreline.
Egyptian officials also met with their counterparts from the French air accident office, the BEA, and other outside experts, including black box maker Honeywell International Inc. to discuss how to go about the repairs, they said
The US singer has been pictured going for a romantic walk along a Suffolk beach with the Night Manager actor - accompanied by his mother.
Watson, 23, had just left a charity basketball game in Baltimore calling for "peace in the streets" when he was killed.
Watson was brought to a local hospital but died from his injuries.
"The eerie irony that should just absolutely tick all of us off, collectively, is that he was leaving a peace rally that was held at a local university," Smith said.
On Wednesday, the first lady and her daughters will travel to Madrid, where Obama will deliver remarks on girls' education.
President Barack Obama is set to visit Spain for the first time next week as president.
The 40-year-old rapper posted bail in the amount of $1,800 and headed back to the United States Sunday morning.
"They came into my cell.
From the slide, you get a birds-eye view of downtown Los Angeles, which resides about 1000 feet below you
A witness told CNN Turk that injured people were being taken away in taxis, Reuters reported.
The Secretary of State travels to all corners of the world to do his job.
President Barack Obama visited Seattle Friday to attend fundraisers for Gov. Jay Inslee and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee.
Helen Sharman became the first British citizen to travel to space when she visited the space station Mir in 1991.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has touched down at Ireland West Airport Knock this lunchtime on the start of his first visit to his ancentral home county of Mayo.
A tense, last minute glitch with the Soyuz forced the crew to make an unusual manual approach to the orbiting outpost, but all turned out well.
President Muhammadu Buhari has landed at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja around 5.30pm on June 19, after spending 13 days in the United Kingdom.
This week, Nigeria said it would send an astronaut into space by the year 2030. 
President Uhuru Kenyatta has traveled to Botswana for a three-day state visit, his third visit in less than two weeks.
Obama seeks to define his legacy in the Mideast by making his first presidential visit to Israel, West Bank.
Scores of U.S. troops and then military vehicles parachuted into a spacious, grassy training area on the outskirts of the central city of Torun.
A Swedish delegation headed by Sven-Erik Bucht, Minister for Rural Affairs, is expected to visit the North Kazakhstan region in October.
Fidel Castro had some harsh words for Barack Obama after his visit to Cuba last week.
The U.S. embassy in Ankara is sending consular officers to the airport to account for any potential U.S. victims.
I hiked the Inca Trail, skied the Alps, hitchhiked through Patagonia, and trekked through the Himalayas. 
Denver Police are responding to what they're calling an "active crime scene" in downtown Denver after reports of an active shooter.


"I was pleased to welcome President Tsai to Miami on her first trip to the United States since her inauguration as Taiwan's president," said the Republican senator from Florida.
"I told President Tsai that the United States will continue to stand by Taiwan irrespective of the pressure others bring to bear on the relationship because, after all, this is a partnership between two vibrant democracies and is based on our shared ideals.
On Saturday, September 26th, Pope Francis departed for Philadelphia from John F. Kennedy International Airport.
At 25 years old, Garrett Gee is living the globe-trotter's dream.
Turkey has sent more troops, along with armored vehicles and tanks, to northern Iraq to support a longstanding mission to train Kurdish and Sunni Arab forces in the fight against the Islamic State, touching off an uproar in Baghdad, where officials called the move a violation of Iraqi sovereignty.
But she had already had an exciting day when three of her Jayhawk teammates surprised her this morning after they drove 14 hours across the country to watch their senior captain swim.
Wall Street was just beginning to come to life when, at a little past seven on the morning of August 7, 1974, Philippe Petit stepped onto the wire stretched out across the void.
When New York Times fashion photographer Bill Cunningham died on Saturday, he left behind an enormous portfolio of work and a mourning staff at Stage Star Deli who thought of him as family.
When the survivors here returned to rebuild their homes and lively hoods after the war, they were hit once again.
Former President Bill Clinton will travel to Texas next week to campaign for his wife ahead of the March 1 primary.
Derrick Rose is heading to the Big Apple after a big-time deal goes down Wednesday.
For decades, Bernie Sanders has traveled the world, pursuing an unconventional approach to diplomacy.
Sanders landed in Rome on Friday morning, traveling in an escorted motorcade to the Vatican. 
President George W. Bush will travel to Haiti on Tuesday, August 10.
This Man Went Into Jail For An Unpaid Fine And Came Out Blind In One Eye
Last month, I crossed the border and left Gaza for only the third time in my life.
Obama is the first U.S. President to visit the city, where the incident remains a point of resentment and contention among the Japanese people.
I was traveling to Israel to obtain a visa for a summer fellowship in Washington, D.C.
President Barack Obama will be leaving the southland Friday after a quick jaunt West.
I was ferried through the tunnel in a tuk-tuk, a small motorized cart with room for two or four people. (My luggage was carried in a separate van.)
President Barack Obama returned to Southern California Thursday afternoon, and, as usual, his visit was expected to create heavy traffic for rush-hour commuters.
The bombings have continued, so far killing at least 2,000 civilians and forcing even more Syrians to flee for safety.
The Turkish broadcaster NTV showed video of airport employees streaming out of the area of the bombing and crowds of travelers walking away, some carrying luggage and some using their cellphones.
The next day, the Lady Vols returned to campus and Summitt made them practice, even though the season was over.
In Glacier, I snowshoed through frosty pines while fresh snow immediately erased my tracks.
At Mammoth Hot Springs, I followed a herd of bison as they wandered through the steaming landscape.
BON JOVI PAYS SURPRISE VISIT TO FAN IN NEW JERSEY BATTLING CANCER
During the nightclub siege, officers went into Pulse several times to bring out stranded survivors, while callers reported that they were still hiding or trapped in various bathrooms, an attic, an office, a dressing room.
A gunman walked into a busy downtown Denver office building and shot a person multiple times before turning the gun on himself, police said Tuesday.
A wave of social media users lampooned the pop star for meeting with the Dalai Lama, who fled to India in 1959 after a failed Tibetan uprising against Chinese rule.
But he said he worried that the eventual fix would require him to drive to the dealer more frequently for maintenance, defeating the purpose of a cleaner car. 
News
Politics
Football
Sport
Celebs
TV & Film
Weird News
TRENDINGEU REFERENDUM RESULTM&DS THEME PARKGLASTONBURY FESTIVAL 2016NEXT CONSERVATIVE LEADERDAVID CAMERONEU REFERENDUM Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums
Home
News UK News Down's syndrome
Ex-soldier travelled over 400 miles to take Down's Syndrome family friend to prom after she was left dateless
This man travelled over 500 miles just to get his haircut by Northern Ireland barber Ryan Cullen

He sold most of his belongings and has been exploring the world for the last nine months with his wife and two young children.
A woman, apparently shot, staggered out into the night.
The government of Saudi Arabia reported on Monday that Mr. Mateen had traveled to that country twice to make a religious pilgrimage known as the umrah. 
Accompanied by Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr., the president entered the Amway Center, about two miles from the club, and the two men took turns hugging and grieving with the scores of people who lost sons, daughters, siblings, partners and friends.
In the weeks before the shooting, Mr. Mateen, 29, went to a gun store here in Jensen Beach, Fla., and tried to buy high-grade body armor and at least 1,000 rounds of ammunition, said a co-owner of the store, Robert Abell. 
Police believe Asad Shah killer travelled 200 miles to launch attack on Muslim shopkeeper
Travel blogger Lauren Juliff has travelled the world full time for five years



David Gest appeared "frail and pale" as he travelled on the Tube before his death
"As we walked past, there were some youths shouting 'Go on, do it - jump'," she said.
A man who helped pull three children from a sinking minivan said he tried to stop the mother from driving the vehicle in the into rough surf on a Florida beach, but she suddenly veered away and plowed into the water.
Robinson, 21, said he jumped out of his car and ran over to the minivan and started walking beside the vehicle, talking to the mother.
She sped off.
Robinson said he then ran into the pounding waves after the minivan, which started to sink. 
"Once I grabbed the little girl out, I saw [the mother], she began to climb out her window," Robinson continued.
"When I was speaking to her, her eyes were like... stretched, wide, wide open. She was saying, she was repeating she was 'OK'... that's when she sped off," Robinson said.
Police today said at a news conference that family members called them Tuesday before the mother, who is pregnant, drove her minivan into the water, indicating they were concerned about her. Police made contact with her, but said the woman told them she was going to a domestic abuse shelter, and decided not to pursue further action.
A few hours later, she drove her minivan into the water.
Other bystanders on the beach watched as rescuers raced across the sand in an attempt to stop the minivan and help save the children.
"The kids started screaming, 'There's a baby in the car' and that's when another bystander ran in to get the toddler ... I heard one kid say, 'Why did she do this?'"
"The lifeguard went in the car to rescue the little girl, and then he was stuck himself in the car, so the other lifeguard took him back out of the car," Besner said.
In the video, the mother staggering in the heavy surf is seen nearly dragged under the car, sucked in by the undertow.
The kids have been placed in the care of the child protective services, according to Volusia County Sheriff Ben Johnson.
Oceanside police say a suspected drunk driver struck and killed a man, then drove for a mile with his body lodged in the car.
Police say Sanchez drove about a mile, parked in a cul-de-sac and walked away.
Ricks vanished during his May 12 shift maintaining Salt Lake City's light rail system.
Authorities say they later found Ricks' body along the route the Harrisons likely took to flee to Wyoming.
A panel of federal judges has ruled that a Dothan police officer did not violate the constitutional rights of a man he chased and ultimately shot to death in 2012.
The Dothan Eagle ( http://bit.ly/290ewlK ) reports that a three-judge panel ruled last week that Dothan officer Darren Moody is entitled to qualified immunity in a lawsuit filed by Katherine Thomas, the mother of Christopher Thomas, who was killed on June 28, 2012, after Thomas fled from an attempted traffic stop.
A Utah mom had no idea what to do when she saw her soldier son for the first time in nearly five years, so she screamed and ran away.
It was not clear which theater the assailant entered.
Hancock was at church and had no idea her son had flown in from El Paso, Texas, where he is based.
Bernie Sanders returns to Vermont to rally supporters


A gunman walked into a busy downtown Denver office building and shot a person multiple times before turning the gun on himself, police said Tuesday.
Officers went floor-by-floor to clear the Alliance Center, a building that houses several environmental organizations and provides shared workspaces.
"We debated whether to hide in the corner or run," Arnone said, and they decided to flee.
Arnone spotted a shell casing in the stairwell as she fled.
CBS-2 had gotten video of Emanuel jogging on the lakefront with Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi and dispatched a reporter to a news conference at the 911 center to get the mayor to comment about it. 
Once outside the building, she ran away and flagged down an officer, who took her to a bus where witnesses were being held.
Jordan Peters, who works nearby and was having coffee next door at the time of the shooting, said she saw a swarm of people running from the area.
The mayor then offered an anecdote about the run and mixed up his Romance languages
"I got my stuff and ran in the opposite direction."
Office workers in the Alliance Center streamed out of a door with their hands in the air as armed officers secured the scene.
Local media outlets report that 33-year-old Noah Jess Dassat of Santa Cruz, California, ran away from the home on June 23.
The fathers, who had been in the driver's and passenger seats, escaped the van after the crash early Tuesday and suffered burns trying to save their families.
Knight faces up to life in prison if convicted in the murder case, but Tooson and Lessem say he was fleeing an ambush and didn't realize until later that he had run over and killed Terry Carter, a Compton businessman who was attempting to resolve a dispute between Knight and the makers of "Straight Outta Compton."
Kelly says Knight had no idea there would be trouble, and planned to join her and their son at an arcade restaurant to play video games after meeting with Carter.
She says Knight was extremely close to his son, taking him to school each day and helping him play with a new scooter before heading to Compton that fateful day.
Upon arrival, Knight was confronted by several armed men at Tam's Burgers, where he was supposed to meet Carter, the lawyers say.
After running over Carter and Sloan, a key prosecution witness who's admitted he was hitting Knight through the window of his pickup, Knight left the scene and later turned himself in to authorities.
"Mr. Knight saw himself as a victim and he went in to cooperate with law enforcement to clear up the situation, to explain to them what happened," Lessem said.
He passed out several times at the courthouse and had to be taken by ambulance for treatment.
In 1997, he was sentenced to prison for violating his probation by taking part in a fight at a Las Vegas hotel hours before Shakur was fatally wounded in a drive-by attack nearby as he rode in Knight's car.
Bernie Sanders returns to Vermont to rally supporters 
They say much work needs to be done before it goes to trial early next year, including commissioning an enhancement of a widely circulated surveillance video that shows Knight running over the men.
Hundreds of frightened passengers streamed out of the airport, fleeing the latest of several bombings to strike Turkey in recent months.
She says she hid under the counter for some time.
Favish says passengers were ushered to a cafeteria at the basement level where they were kept for more than an hour before being allowed outside.
"There was this guy going roaming around, he was dressed in black and he had a hand gun."
The private DHA news agency said the wounded, among them police officers, were transferred to Bakirkoy State Hospital.
One came from Jason Heyward in the third inning, moments after he climbed the fence in center to avoid the bees.
Heyward, his hands swatting continually, jogged to several spots in the outfield and even climbed up on the fence to avoid them.
At the end of the inning, Cubs' relievers abandoned their bullpen in left field when bees swarmed a chair in their pen.
They walked across the field and joined the Mariners' relievers in the right field bullpen.
Mariners: Outfielder Franklin Gutierrez returned after suffering from a bout with the flu that has gone around the clubhouse recently.
The umpire [C.B. Bucknor] went out and swiped the ball and said it wasn't stuck.
In the bizarre second-inning play, Cespedes backed away from a ball that was in plain sight underneath the padding on the wall, giving the Houston Astros an inside-the-park homer in an 8-5 Grapefruit League win.
Reed easily made it to second base, then jogged the rest of the way home while Cespedes stood by.
It's a matter of fact that he was alive when he got in the van.
Prosecutors said Goodson, who was behind the wheel of the transport van and the only officer to be with Gray at each of the six stops along the 45-minute journey from the site of his arrest in Sandtown-Winchester to the Western District station house, was criminally negligent when he failed to buckle Gray into a seat belt and chose not to call a medic after Gray indicated that he wanted to go to a hospital.
Scots pupils injured in coach crash as they travelled to Alton Tower
Missing' Singaporean woman says she travelled to Romania to look for Internet boyfriend
In late July 2014, Danny DeVito started trending on social media after a few people snapped shots of him walking around Manhattan with a dachshund wearing a yellow polka dot dress. 
This is where I go between takes
I marched in the street not to go to Vietnam.
China confirms first Zika case; man infected travelled through Hong Kong

More Chinese than Russians travelled through Helsinki Airport in 2015
Blackburn man who travelled to Turkey to join ISIS fighters in Syria is jailed for four years
Hillary Clinton marched in the New York Pride parade on Sunday, highlighting her support for same-sex marriage and national LGBT nondiscrimination laws.
Women travelled 100 miles for a birthday night out in Birmingham - only to be turned away at the door because they were 'too black'


Hillary Clinton marched in the New York Pride parade on Sunday, highlighting her support for same-sex marriage and national LGBT nondiscrimination laws.
Hillary Clinton marched in the New York Pride parade on Sunday, highlighting her support for same-sex marriage and national LGBT nondiscrimination laws.
A sex fiend cruised around Bristol city centre pretending to be a taxi driver before picking up a woman, plying her with drugs and trying to rape her.

More than 100 years ago when the SS Ancon sailed into the history books as the first ship to transit the Panama Canal, the waterway was a display of American ingenuity and the Panama Canal Zone was firmly in U.S. hands.
A bicyclist has been transported to the hospital after being struck by a light rail train Tuesday morning.
Models skateboarded through garden paths wearing neat pique polo shirts.
On 2 May this year, I set off to walk from Liverpool to London, a journey of 340 miles that would take me a month. 
He added that the terrorists took a taxi to the airport before launching their attack. 
It has been speculated that Hamilton writer-star Lin-Manuel Miranda will depart his hit musical July 9; in the Tony Awards press room, he told media that he will definitely depart this summer, but did not specify a date.
Two murderers meticulously planned their New York state prison break, possibly sneaking out of their cells under the cover of darkness to rehearse their escape in tunnels, authorities said.
A woman was found alive nearly 12 hours after she fell off a boat in the Sassafras River.
The man, who police sources described as emotionally disturbed, jumped off a platform at the Herald Square station at Sixth Ave. and W. 34th St. just after 3:50 p.m.
Officials were able to identify the body as that of Eddie Jeter, the man who jumped Saturday from the Gillis Long Bridge, according to a release from the Pineville Police Department.
Last year he walked from Sachigo Lake First Nation to Thunder Bay for a student living project at a high school.
A woman walked many miles to call attention to breast cancer.
A Sudanese man who was granted asylum in Britain after walking through the 31-mile Channel tunnel from France has pleaded guilty to causing an obstruction to an engine or carriage.
 Maureen and Roger have waited 11 years to visit the place where Matthew died, to lay a small cross and to try to understand why their son died here.
The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh have visited landmarks on the north coast as part of their two-day trip to Northern Ireland.
The rookie cop who accidentally let a prisoner escape in Brooklyn has been suspended, officials said Thursday.
Nepalese national Amit Hamal, 27, pleaded guilty to one charge of escaping immigration detention while on an excursion with five other detainees from Wickham Point Detention Centre at Crocosaurus Cove in central Darwin on May 2.
Security preparations for Barack Obama's visit to Ottawa have been months in the making as the RCMP, provincial and municipal police readied themselves for the U.S. president's visit to Canada, an RCMP spokesman says
Drake departed Wednesday's minicamp session early due to concerns over a right leg ailment, Chris Perkins of the South Florida Sun-Sentinel reports.
He started by sailing across the North Atlantic -- from Gibraltar to Saint Martin -- in 2013 on his Lagoon 560 catamaran, AMARA.
Instead, Willie Rennie, the leader of the Scottish wing of the party, plans to shame him on Thursday by visiting an Edinburgh mosque that Muslim leaders here had invited Trump to tour as an opportunity to learn about Islam.
The couple toured the World Heritage site and made a stop at the bench made famous by Princess Diana 24 years ago.
Former NFL quarterback Tim Tebow visited his former high school football teammate who was wounded in the gay nightclub shooting in Orlando.


On Monday, Nyad became the first person to swim from Cuba to Florida without a protective cage, willing her way to a Key West beach just before 2 p.m. ET, nearly 53 hours after jumping into the ocean in Havana for her fifth try in 35 years.
Vice President Joe Biden toured a Seattle research facility on Monday, saying scientists are at a turning point in their efforts to eliminate cancer.
Sentencing Dale Hyde, 42, St Albans Crown Court said the tree surgeon wanted to kill himself after fleeing his Shenley home.
 A woman walked 1,000 miles topless from Mississippi to the District of Columbia, arriving Monday on her 50th birthday.
A 34-year-old woman escaped from an attempted rape early Sunday morning in front of 586 16th Street (between Prospect Park Southwest and 11th Avenue), according to the NYPD. The incident took place at approximately 3:50am on Sunday, June 26.
Star Swain, a 34-year-old assistant principal from Tallahassee, visited the memorial recently with friends and relatives who started goading her to sing the national anthem.
A Framingham woman briefly escaped police custody on Saturday after she and two others were arrested for breaking into cars on Rte. 9.
The ex Mets and Phillies player wrote about how he once visited Charlie Sheen's secret crack den, had a cocaine-fueled party with Mickey Rourke and used to pick up girls with Jack Nicholson.

She cruised into the 400-meter freestyle final on Monday, finishing a whopping 0.52 seconds faster than anyone else despite slowing down over the final lap. 
n the men's 400 freestyle, Connor Jaeger and Conor Dwyer are heading back to the Olympics for the second time after finishing 1-2. Jaeger won in 3:43.79, while Dwyer took the runner-up spot in 3:44.66 - just 0.38 ahead of third-place finisher Townley Haas.
ebow moved toward the unconscious man and his family, then led a group of passengers in prayer, according to passenger Richard Gotti.
She nearly vaulted over the lane line to congratulate her competition on the swim of her lifetime.
A prominent Alabama businessman says Alabama House Speaker Mike Hubbard asked him for financial advice on resolving debts at his Craftmaster printing company.

A political consultant and lobbyist says Mike Hubbard was stressed out over his personal finances when the House speaker asked him to invest in his printing company.


Prosecutors argue that Hubbard broke state ethics law by soliciting advice from Brooke, a board member at the Business Council of Alabama, which lobbies legislators on behalf of business interests
Some 109 of those hurt have now been discharged from hospital.
Footage on social media shows one moving through the building as people around him flee.
We ducked behind a counter but I stood up and watched him.
"He turned around and started coming towards us.
Desperate relatives of those missing later gathered outside a local hospital where many victims were taken.
Taxis were used to rush casualties to hospital after the attack.
Terrified passengers were seen leaving the airport on foot
Ambulances flocked to the airport after explosions were heard
A number of injured people were taken to local hospitals
Similar thoughts were on the mind of Oscar Brennan, 17, who came out of the office in South Kensington with an application form tucked under his arm.
Police in India are investigating claims by two climbers who say they are the country's first couple to scale the world's highest peak Mount Everest.
Dinesh and Tarakeshwari Rathod told reporters this month that they reached the 8,850m (29,035ft) summit on 23 May.
Mr and Mrs Rathod deny the claims, as do the guides who climbed with them.
The Rathods held a press conference on 5 June to announce that their "dreams have been realised" and they had scaled the summit.
But Pune-based mountaineer Surendra Shelke, who along with some mountaineers raised doubts about the couple's claim, said his suspicions "were first aroused owing to the time lag between the day the Rathods claimed to have reached the summit and their press meet announcing their achievement".
The company's website also contains pictures of the couple that they say were taken on the summit.
"They were taken to the summit by sherpas who worked for my company for several years and they reached the summit on 23 May," Mohan Lamsal told the BBC.
Jacques, who was 20, and Torin, 19, from the Isle of Man, had met up to spend the weekend together and watch a football match.
Rebels 'move on IS-held town near Iraq border'
US-backed Syrian rebels say they are closing in on a town on the border with Iraq held by so-called Islamic State.
The New Syrian Army (NSA) said it had captured a number of IS positions on the outskirts of Albu Kamal, after overrunning a nearby military airport.
The NSA said it was co-ordinating the assault with Iraqi government forces, who were advancing on the border from the other side.
The Reuters news agency cited two rebel sources as saying that the NSA had been forced to retreat to the outskirts after an IS counter-attack.
One of the sources said militants had encircled the rebels in a surprise ambush. 
The NSA was formed about 18 months ago by rebel factions driven out of eastern Syria by IS, which proclaimed the creation of a "caliphate" in June 2014.
IS is also facing pressure from a US-backed offensive in northern Syria by an alliance of Kurdish and Arab fighters, who have surrounded the town of Manbij and cut a route to the Turkish border from the IS stronghold of Raqqa.
Chagos islanders cannot return home, says Supreme Court

Former residents of the Chagos Islands who were forcibly removed from their homeland more than 40 years ago have lost their legal challenge to return.
Families left the Indian Ocean islands in the 1960s and 70s to make way for a US Air Force base on Diego Garcia, the largest of the group of islands.
A Russian warship approached within 315 yards of a U.S. Navy warship in the eastern Mediterranean Sea earlier this month in what U.S. officials say was a series of unsafe maneuvers.
As Iraqi troops advanced on Fallujah and Isis fighters who had controlled the city for two years melted away, Rabiah Hassan and her family joined tens of thousands of people seeking sanctuary.
